Timothy Sackton: We all begin tonight in a vast underwater cave,
Timothy Sackton: dominated by two strikingly strange features.
Timothy Sackton: One is the vast dead bulk of
Timothy Sackton: Uh tentacles, multi-eyed,
Timothy Sackton: squid-like aberration that you've just killed, known as an Abol,
Timothy Sackton: the other a huge amber crystal, in which a massive eye can occasionally be glimpsed
Timothy Sackton: nearby where You're all standing around. A group of dazed and confused C. Els are
Timothy Sackton: waiting on, certainly just freed from their enslavement by the Atlantic's death
Timothy Sackton: on the floor, a scattering of coins, and a few other treasures,
Timothy Sackton: small trinkets from the merchant ships that have been rated. Some rusting trade goods,
Timothy Sackton: and notably unusual. Among these piles, is an unusual crystalline heart
Timothy Sackton: of some great monster like this, like the size of a head
Timothy Sackton: from which you can occasionally feel waves of heat spread in a pulse of energy
Timothy Sackton: you've and up above you're in the bottom of this cave. But uh looking from the
Timothy Sackton: Uh-huh!
Timothy Sackton: From the hole in the ceiling, beginning to float down, or a few other
Timothy Sackton: formerly in slave minions, as well as the two Ken coup,
Timothy Sackton: Nato and Scota, who wellbe has come to find,
Timothy Sackton: and you're here for various reasons, to hunt
Timothy Sackton: the coastal raiders you now realize, were the enslaved minions of this apple
Timothy Sackton: who had been rating, shipping, and more recently the coast of the Vermilion aisles,
Timothy Sackton: presumably to kidnap more victims for this creature's growing army.
Timothy Sackton: Now with the avalanche that it your hand the enslaved minions beginning to come to their senses again.
Timothy Sackton: We survey the scenes of description around you.
Timothy Sackton: And why don't you each describe your characters at this moment?
Timothy Sackton: Let's go first
Timothy Sackton: two members of the character look like
John Leeker: um. I guess i'll go first. I'll mash It's a tall middle aged
John Leeker: um human fighter.
John Leeker: His armor is nice. Well made, but
John Leeker: well used.
John Leeker: He's kind of supported. He's not like wounded, but
John Leeker: when did after the fight, using his sphere as a sort of um stick to kind of lean against to keep his balance
John Leeker: Well, Well-worn Shield lays against his leg on the side,
John Leeker: and he is um recovering and kind of seeing the people slowly drip down,
John Leeker: still slightly concerned for threats and surprises.
Rev. David (he/him): Uh,
Rev. David (he/him): well, these
Rev. David (he/him): kinku armor has assumed the form of Uh sailors clothes,
Rev. David (he/him): with the
Rev. David (he/him): short pants down to the knee and a
Rev. David (he/him): open shirt he's got a
Rev. David (he/him): crossbow in one hand still that he recovered and restrung his flaming bowstring on
Rev. David (he/him): um,
Rev. David (he/him): and is um
Rev. David (he/him): ah! Never like fully calm or settled in a place like this. So he's still,
Rev. David (he/him): you know, eyeing over all of the directions,
Rev. David (he/him): the entrance we came through the different
Rev. David (he/him): crevices and crannies, listening with heads slightly cocked, even underwater, to the shifting sound of tide moving over the
Rev. David (he/him): caves, Um, or keying back in each time the eye reappears on the giant gym um to try and understand what it's seeing; and perceiving
Rev. David (he/him): he was
Rev. David (he/him): pretty worse for the wear up, until like five minutes ago. I think you just got some serious healing.
Rev. David (he/him): If I remember right,
Rev. David (he/him): he was in single digits. Hit point. So this so he's uh,
Rev. David (he/him): even if he's physically recovered, he's still sort of coming out of a a brush with death.
Phil Grayson: So uh as you might recall, it's a relatively young cl with uh green sort of seaweed looking armor. He's a fighter and carries a large glave which is currently crackling with lightning energy.
Phil Grayson: Um! And
Phil Grayson: he begins to survey the room that dies down, and the gate just becomes cold steel again.
Phil Grayson: He's both very curious about the
Phil Grayson: the heart of the crystalline heart, and also in um checking on the seals that he was able to save and free.
Phil Grayson: So he'd probably be torn about what to do first depending on what was closer. He's a bit of a
Phil Grayson: little flavy. So whatever grabs his attention,
John Leeker: actually, I just It's also possessed briefly at the very end. So he's we play at the very end. Yeah. Yeah. So he's probably a little dazed as well like kind of shaking back in
John Leeker: the if he holds his fear, and he's like he's still has, like, you know, control over himself.
Timothy Sackton: Uh.
Timothy Sackton: So there's also,
Timothy Sackton: in addition to the the two Kanku prisoners who are beginning to drift down to
Timothy Sackton: to greet you. Both. Both of them are
um.
Timothy Sackton: There's a bit of gray in their feathers. They seem like a couple. They're like
Timothy Sackton: puddled next to each other. The woman who seems less wounded
Timothy Sackton: has her wing over the shoulder of the man as they like, drift down, seemingly
Timothy Sackton: comfortably able to breathe the water.
Timothy Sackton: This place
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: the man is they're both sort of almost uh sort of
Timothy Sackton: ah
Timothy Sackton: ah, ego leg faces, but sort of almost like ospreys like great black and white kind of patterns on their face and their design and their wings. Um! The man has like like wearing like a leather clothes with like straps, with like tinkers gear all over it. Um! A a pair of
Timothy Sackton: boggles that fit over his eyes that are tied around the back of his
Timothy Sackton: uh like on a leather strap uh around his neck, going around the back of his neck. Um!
Timothy Sackton: That the the woman seems to almost have a she looks
Timothy Sackton: somewhat more age less seems to have almost of it,
Timothy Sackton: saying glamour to her, Um!
Timothy Sackton: She uh carries no gear really. Um, but has uh piercing golden eyes that
Timothy Sackton: catch the twinkles of light in this cavern,
Timothy Sackton: and also descending with them, is the mage that you fought a woman
Timothy Sackton: Ah! Tanned, dark skin, but draggled, looking from the and from having just sort of come to her senses wearing ah,
Timothy Sackton: what seemed like. They were once elegant robes, but now water logged and tattered,
Timothy Sackton: and as as they all just down, but as before, they all arrived to speak with you. Um! You can see that Artem is also Ah, here, but we'll be leaving shortly. Is Ah
Timothy Sackton: moves immediately to collect the ah,
Timothy Sackton: this crystalline heart!
Timothy Sackton: Um
Timothy Sackton: and looks over it. You all looks at Schol, who's eyeing it curiously, and says
Timothy Sackton: this was stolen from me.
Timothy Sackton: That's why i'm here.
Phil Grayson: What is it?
Timothy Sackton: Far to the north,
Timothy Sackton: where the snows don't even melt in the summer
Timothy Sackton: there's a creature that lives
Timothy Sackton: a great worm
Timothy Sackton: like serpent Barries under the snow, called the Remorse.
Timothy Sackton: They keep themselves warm from the elemental power of their hearts.
Timothy Sackton: They are
Timothy Sackton: rare and difficult beasts,
Timothy Sackton: but
Timothy Sackton: can often be found on the borders of my home and Ersk.
Timothy Sackton: This is my
Timothy Sackton: ticket to freedom
Rev. David (he/him): freedom from what
Timothy Sackton: that is a
Timothy Sackton: that is a long tail.
Timothy Sackton: Uh to say,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, hold on!
Timothy Sackton: Does my character? I need to find my notes for a Sec. I' to open them in advance.
Timothy Sackton: Ah! Suffice to say that if you ever
Timothy Sackton: find yourself
Timothy Sackton: in the in Ersk,
Timothy Sackton: aware of the
Timothy Sackton: to where
Timothy Sackton: ah,
Timothy Sackton: the rod. Name
John Leeker: the what
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: bloodlines in this tongue, though,
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: families of wizards that rule that country with an iron fist,
Timothy Sackton: they keep us safe. But there is a cost
Timothy Sackton: cost I was not willing to pay.
Timothy Sackton: I have
Timothy Sackton: contact with it,
Timothy Sackton: patron to the South,
Timothy Sackton: who will trade this heart
Timothy Sackton: for safety; for,
Timothy Sackton: as you might imagine. If you are being hunted by powerful wizards,
Timothy Sackton: there are a few safe places to hide.
John Leeker: Will the patron use this for
John Leeker: for ill?
Timothy Sackton: This item.
John Leeker: Yeah,
I did not ask.
Timothy Sackton: It is my life at stake here.
Timothy Sackton: What choice do I have?
Oh,
hmm!
John Leeker: These wizards! How many of them are there?
Timothy Sackton: There are
Timothy Sackton: eight families that have
Timothy Sackton: ruled over Earth for
Timothy Sackton: for generations.
John Leeker: Um, Alamash would know vaguely about this right?
Timothy Sackton: So yeah, I mean, there's rumors right? So there's these. Ah, it's a closed so like they're people Aren't allowed to immigrate or emigrate so. But there's these cities where
Timothy Sackton: uh they they have like opened
Timothy Sackton: not exactly open ports, but there's like, you know, a section of the city that's open to foreigners where where trade happens and see those of those rumors that come out right of um.
Timothy Sackton: You know strange magic and uh
Timothy Sackton: unusual powers of the wizards of of Ersk,
Timothy Sackton: and strange rituals that binds the the citizens to them. But what the truth of those is hard to know,
John Leeker: And these wizards they were using this item to control these pirates.
Timothy Sackton: This item? No, it was stolen from me by the abolished wizards. I was fleeing.
Hmm,
Timothy Sackton: and do not
Timothy Sackton: do not think it is,
and
Timothy Sackton: I don't think it was stolen for any particular reason. Just ill luck,
Phil Grayson: you know.
Phil Grayson: Is that a wizard watching right there? And I point to the I that's
moving around in the amber,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: I know not what. That is
Timothy Sackton: a prison, perhaps for something I wish not to be freed,
Timothy Sackton: and our Jim looks up as this. The two Ken Ku and this other major sort of drifting down.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps they know more.
Rev. David (he/him): I will
Timothy Sackton: help
Timothy Sackton: get these people back to
Timothy Sackton: safety, but then I must flee South as quickly as I can,
Timothy Sackton: and he scoops up to
Timothy Sackton: the hired. Only me.
Rev. David (he/him): I'll post that same question to the rest of the people gathered, gesturing towards the big eye prison thing. Just say, what is this?
Timothy Sackton: The the mage, this sort of be drag on, looking woman?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, kind of dressed down, and she says,
Timothy Sackton: I I know not for sure
but our end, my master
Timothy Sackton: to the North
Timothy Sackton: before he vanished
Timothy Sackton: under
Timothy Sackton: difficult circumstances;
Timothy Sackton: and when she says that what one of the the kind to.
Timothy Sackton: They sort of look at each other shocked, and and one of them says our it's gone.
Timothy Sackton: What happened?
That's kind of
Timothy Sackton: questions them for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: Now
the
Timothy Sackton: I believe this is a
Timothy Sackton: ancient creature of some sort of crack and trapped here.
Timothy Sackton: I would not see it freed, but I suspect it made this aberration,
Timothy Sackton: pointing at the abolished stronger than they normally would be.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: The power of this creature
Timothy Sackton: it's, hold
Timothy Sackton: my mind was
Timothy Sackton: while it was
Timothy Sackton: unpleasant, and not
Timothy Sackton: it was strong,
Timothy Sackton: very strong
Timothy Sackton: I would leave
Timothy Sackton: it be.
Rev. David (he/him): I wonder if we can figure a way to bring these caves down on top of it, or
Rev. David (he/him): vary it better, or hide it better,
Timothy Sackton: perhaps. Yes,
Timothy Sackton: now,
Timothy Sackton: some way to
Timothy Sackton: disrupt the mechanical,
Timothy Sackton: she points up to that spinning blade that's like keeping water flow moving through here
Timothy Sackton: could collapse the case themselves.
Phil Grayson: How do we know it wouldn't come out if we, you know, Broke it
Phil Grayson: collaps the cave cracks the gym,
Phil Grayson: out comes the crack in, and then
Phil Grayson: we're lunch, man.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps it would be best to just flee.
Phil Grayson: How big is the gym?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, it's huge. It's like twenty feet across. Oh, it's not a poker ball, then. Okay,
Rev. David (he/him): Well, maybe there's some way at the entrance itself to
Rev. David (he/him): disabled
Rev. David (he/him): destroyer
Rev. David (he/him): like that
closed,
Timothy Sackton: perhaps. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: one of the one of the the the Kenku tinkerer guy kind of steps toward is this:
I must ask. We are
Timothy Sackton: extremely lucky that you came. What brings you here?
Timothy Sackton: Such a unusual collection of people? You He looks over it. Surely I can understand coming to
Timothy Sackton: find your people, I guess, but
Timothy Sackton: Center and
Timothy Sackton: a wizard of the of
Timothy Sackton: a strange group.
Timothy Sackton: I am fortunate, indeed, that
Timothy Sackton: he found us. But
Timothy Sackton: why
John Leeker: a job
Timothy Sackton: fair enough in this
John Leeker: instability
John Leeker: of the ocean is
John Leeker: its impact is wider than just you.
Timothy Sackton: Oh,
Timothy Sackton: i'm sure I am sure. Yes,
Timothy Sackton: everything is connected.
Rev. David (he/him): For my part,
Rev. David (he/him): I wouldn't have said No, to begin with, but it so happens that I'm looking for you. And this is gonna sound a little strange. But
Rev. David (he/him): a month ago
Rev. David (he/him): I woke up something like two thousand miles west of here.
Rev. David (he/him): I think I can find my way back home again if I can get into the Fay wild and back
Rev. David (he/him): out again,
Rev. David (he/him): and now a couple of places to get out. But I don't know how to get in.
Rev. David (he/him): I was told by
Rev. David (he/him): insert name here. His name. I forget um
Rev. David (he/him): that you might know
Rev. David (he/him): how to find a way into the fay. Wow!
Timothy Sackton: Oh, uh!
Timothy Sackton: I I am afraid I have some bad news for you,
Timothy Sackton: person you are looking for, and he points over at the woman.
Timothy Sackton: It's her master. I'm.
Rev. David (he/him): Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Friend of Iris.
Timothy Sackton: A good man,
Timothy Sackton: perhaps. Perhaps. Um Well, um!
Timothy Sackton: A little too interested in other dimensions, for one's to be truly a healthy person.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: but fascinating, fascinating! He! He takes a look at you.
Timothy Sackton: Where did you get that armor?
Rev. David (he/him): And with that question I let the glamour drop from it, and it's studded with their armor,
Rev. David (he/him): maybe embossed with designs of wings or feathers, or
Rev. David (he/him): you can go in flight.
Rev. David (he/him): Uh,
Rev. David (he/him): I found it in a dragon horde
Rev. David (he/him): a little ways west of here,
Timothy Sackton: fascinating, fascinating. You are full of surprises.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's it's broken right.
Timothy Sackton: I I think I can fix it.
Rev. David (he/him): No, I don't. I don't think it's broken because it it can
Rev. David (he/him): glamour, and I I figured out how to do the feather fall.
Rev. David (he/him): I think it works just fine right. But where are the wings
Rev. David (he/him): gestured to the teeny little designs of wings and boss on the front. No, tell me.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: he says, he says a word in in Kentucky, and nothing happens.
Timothy Sackton: It should be wings
Timothy Sackton: coming out of the back when when we say the the command,
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, yeah, there definitely, Aren't: wings. No, That's that. That's fair.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, okay, yeah, Well, Um,
Timothy Sackton: hmm. Maybe
Rev. David (he/him): I can take a look at it for you. That would be amazing. Yeah, thank you.
Timothy Sackton: But ah,
Timothy Sackton: yeah, um. You want to get to the fay wild.
Timothy Sackton: She he looks over at the mage. But what? What? What did happen to Aaron?
Timothy Sackton: Because Um,
Timothy Sackton: yeah, he can. He definitely knows magic that can shift people to other planes. Um right,
Timothy Sackton: but
Timothy Sackton: he's missing,
and
Timothy Sackton: that the woman
Timothy Sackton: sense.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, um!
Timothy Sackton: I was fleeing to seek help
Timothy Sackton: so
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: My master Aaron, sometimes known as Aaron the Wanderer.
Timothy Sackton: He's a
Timothy Sackton: traveled all over the world. He comes, maybe,
Timothy Sackton: from near where you are, from far to the west,
Timothy Sackton: but it's called Toland.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: He
Timothy Sackton: has recently been experimenting with
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: for a long time. I did not think it was real
Timothy Sackton: hypothesized
Timothy Sackton: plane called the Mirror Realm.
Timothy Sackton: There's few descriptions of it, and no proof that it even exists.
Timothy Sackton: But he was convinced.
Timothy Sackton: About a month ago
Timothy Sackton: I was downstairs studying my spellbox. He was upstairs in his workshop,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: my hand reached out of the silver water picture on the table.
Timothy Sackton: It looked like my hand,
Timothy Sackton: my reflection
Timothy Sackton: grabbing for me, and I jumped back in it,
Timothy Sackton: took my spell book
Timothy Sackton: and pull it into the picture, which began to stretch and grow,
Timothy Sackton: and for a moment I saw my reflection, but it did not mirror my movements,
Timothy Sackton: and I
Timothy Sackton: her to crack crash,
Timothy Sackton: and I ran upstairs to see a mirror,
Timothy Sackton: a great mirror that he had been
Timothy Sackton: working on with
Timothy Sackton: cracked into
Timothy Sackton: many pieces,
Timothy Sackton: and the reflection of my master jumping from sharp to shar distorted, shattered, but
Timothy Sackton: no sign of him,
Timothy Sackton: and then I saw myself reaching
Timothy Sackton: for me
Timothy Sackton: from the mirror on the wall, and I
Timothy Sackton: I smashed it, and I and I ran
Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: and that's how I got here
Timothy Sackton: caught on a ship
Timothy Sackton: trying to flee back home to med you
Rev. David (he/him): Well,
Rev. David (he/him): for better, for worse,
Rev. David (he/him): whether it's what you hoped for or not,
Rev. David (he/him): I think That's the person I need to find to get myself back home again.
Timothy Sackton: I would
Timothy Sackton: certainly guide you there
Timothy Sackton: if you wish it.
Rev. David (he/him): What about the two of you.
Timothy Sackton: I am sure. There as much my master could give you
Timothy Sackton: or you to help
Timothy Sackton: restore him.
John Leeker: I have been curious about these wizards.
Rev. David (he/him): Well done, Maybe let's get ourselves back to land first and
Rev. David (he/him): make a plan from there
John Leeker: almost grunts and affirmation.
Rev. David (he/him): So you got sorry. Go ahead. Uh well, I I This seems the appropriate moment to to loot the layer. Is there Is there anything in here to to loop?
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: there is. So there's um
Timothy Sackton: a total of about
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: three thousand silver coins and various denominations, and maybe five or six hundred gold coins and um that are easily recoverable. Um,
Timothy Sackton: there's
Timothy Sackton: yeah. So so a lot of the trade goods that we're taking have now, you know, are so there's you know, a a couple of chests of spices that are just totally ruined.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: There's
Timothy Sackton: some bolts of cloth that are totally ruined. Um,
Timothy Sackton: it, it seems mostly to be a sort of haphazard collection of,
Timothy Sackton: you know, scattered
Timothy Sackton: Ah! Like whatever was in the hold of ships that caught the eye of somebody who was primarily interested in kidnapping. There is the
Timothy Sackton: ah! The arms and armor of the the elves are are elaborate, but of course they want that back now that they're no longer enslaved.
Timothy Sackton: Um:
Timothy Sackton: not
Timothy Sackton: yeah. Most of what it's it almost looks like It's more like
Timothy Sackton: It's clear that this creature wasn't really interested in treasure. And so what's here is is kind of scattered but back, like it looks like it looks like, uh, if somebody sort of cut open a a caravan and it's just everything just kind of strewn around the floor.
Timothy Sackton: Um, basically. The things that are metal are the things that survived.
John Leeker: How much of the money can we take like Physically,
Timothy Sackton: it's? Not that I mean a few thousand coins. Isn't: really that heavy.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah, you can take as much as you want.
Phil Grayson: Well, that's actually what i'm the most interested in. Not coins per se. But um!
Phil Grayson: I am
Phil Grayson: trying to catch the eye of a king's daughter, and so i'm looking for
Phil Grayson: something worthy of of presenting to someone so
Phil Grayson: well provided for, I suppose. Uh, I had my eye on that on that beast hard to moments ago. But uh,
Phil Grayson: perhaps
Phil Grayson: perhaps this journey to find the Wizard, and into the fay. Wilde would provide something that
Timothy Sackton: um you don't normally find here,
Timothy Sackton: whose name is Rosena, says um,
Timothy Sackton: I, I am sure my master Arian could,
Timothy Sackton: should you
Timothy Sackton: return him to us,
Timothy Sackton: could provide any number of magical trinkets that would be sure to catch the eye of your lady.
Timothy Sackton: Looks at you like kind of asking your name?
Phil Grayson: Yes, I'm Sele nightwater.
Timothy Sackton: Sure, yes, I uh
Timothy Sackton: I I feel confident in making that promise for him.
Phil Grayson: Well, then, my Glave is yours Once i'm sure that these other C. Elves are well on their way.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, it will take some time to
Timothy Sackton: get everybody settled in stock of
Timothy Sackton: boat for the journey. It's a few weeks sailed to the north.
John Leeker: Alamash is taking all the high value currency.
Timothy Sackton: There we go.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, we won't. Collect any of the money, but I will gather like personal effects and things from the anyone who
Rev. David (he/him): didn't make it. I will use the passive voice to. But um, you know, to term. Return that to.
So whatever
Phil Grayson: i'll take a reasonable share of the silver, just to have some walking around money.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: um. So as you gather the stuff and and
Timothy Sackton: head up
Timothy Sackton: uh through the caves
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: and exit the
Timothy Sackton: the case system and come back up to your boat. Everybody
Timothy Sackton: um sort of swimming
Timothy Sackton: as soon as all of the the So there's about ten people There's like the seals. There's a handful of sailors. There's the mage. Rosen. There's the two Ken Ku
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: They can, you know. Basically your boat is pretty packed, but manageable. But there's also Rufus, who was unconscious. But you'll bring them back um
Timothy Sackton: all of the
Timothy Sackton: after, maybe, you know, climbing out into your boat and starting to sail. Ah, you can see you see, like um, Rosena start to like um rub her hands, and her skin is starting to like dry out and become like scaly and cracked,
Timothy Sackton: and she she's like Ah,
Timothy Sackton: um! And you see everybody else who is enslaved by this feature for more than a few seconds is like starting. Her skin is starting to crack. She like jeps it in the water in the water.
Timothy Sackton: It's nice.
Uh-huh,
Rev. David (he/him): Huh!
Timothy Sackton: The one of the ken quo is like you know, flies up and dives underwater, and it's like comes back up after getting wet. And so that's better.
Timothy Sackton: And Rufus, who is a monster hunter and knows about this sort of thing,
Timothy Sackton: looks at them all, and says, Ah!
Timothy Sackton: I heard
Timothy Sackton: stories of this
Timothy Sackton: sea creatures that
Timothy Sackton: curse those
Timothy Sackton: they enslave
Timothy Sackton: to burn
Timothy Sackton: in the dry air.
Timothy Sackton: I'm sure there must be a cure. But
Timothy Sackton: what I don't know turns to show. Perhaps
Timothy Sackton: your people might know
Timothy Sackton: somewhere in the ancient lore of the elves,
Timothy Sackton: and looks over at the three cows would,
Timothy Sackton: but they be willing to
Timothy Sackton: take these two
Timothy Sackton: your home, and
Timothy Sackton: keep them till a cure can be found
Timothy Sackton: Personally, that will mean
Timothy Sackton: you'll have to journey by yourself to the Wizards Tower. But
Timothy Sackton: what Santa says I can draw a map.
Phil Grayson: I haven't really had a chance to speak with the elves yet, but
Phil Grayson: we are a kind folk. I'm sure that they would go.
Timothy Sackton: Percent of says, It seems.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps I will not be able to journey with you, after all. But
Timothy Sackton: I wish you luck.
Timothy Sackton: She like
Timothy Sackton: splashes the water on our cell. That's better.
Timothy Sackton: Ducks are face under, and it's like
Timothy Sackton: we can still breathe the stuff.
Timothy Sackton: If I'm going to be stuck living underwater for some time,
Timothy Sackton: do we have enough information to know where to go now? Like? Did she give us the directions
Timothy Sackton: to the Vermilion Islands. You you get a ship outfitted
Timothy Sackton: uh the
Timothy Sackton: um. Thank you. Uh
Timothy Sackton: fix up
Timothy Sackton: uh your armor. Well be
Timothy Sackton: so there is A. There is a um
Timothy Sackton: ken. Q. What is it called?
Timothy Sackton: Pancakes started leather enhanced,
Timothy Sackton: and then
Timothy Sackton: draw a map like, Get you? I mean, while we can sail up,
Timothy Sackton: stole presumably can sail.
Timothy Sackton: Bob Mash has stood on the decks of ships before
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: and the cows are happy to sort of escort everybody back and
Timothy Sackton: keep them safe in the seal of kingdom until
Timothy Sackton: a cure can be found.
John Leeker: Um
John Leeker: quick question how much of the money like? How much is it like for context?
Timothy Sackton: So it's like it's, you know, up to like three, four hundred gold. So that's I mean, that's a pretty decent fortune, right like a a but a skilled, uneducated labor, like a blacksmith or a
Timothy Sackton: uh, a farrier or an armor would would fix, could expect to make something like one gold a day. So that's like a year's salary of like uh,
Timothy Sackton: you know,
Timothy Sackton: lower middle class laborer, Is this enough? Al Mash is,
John Leeker: does not like magic, and is dealing with magic. Is this enough for him to buy a pendant, a ring, or something to prevent the mind control thing, or some other magical protection?
Timothy Sackton: Or does he need more money for that?
Timothy Sackton: Um! And where would you buy a magic item, anyway? Right? It's not like there's a magic item store in for million dollars. He buys himself a nice dinner. Then. Yeah, you can.
Timothy Sackton: You can have it. You can have some fancy, you know. Fancy fish at the end.
John Leeker: That's that's what the menu item is called. It's just yeah, fancy fish. The other like other fish. You don't want the other fish.
Timothy Sackton: It's just fish. Yeah. And then there's fish stew, which is the most dubious choice.
Phil Grayson: Well, um! Before we leave the other C elves, i'll ask them to
Phil Grayson: when they return to the kingdom, sing praises uh of of my heroism, and hopefully, that will reach the
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yes, you kept them alive when you could have killed them. So yeah,
John Leeker: don't we get any reward or money from the the guy that assign this mission to us? Basically that we met at the beginning.
Timothy Sackton: He didn't really hire you. He was just kind of directing or connecting people who had
Timothy Sackton: been motivated by various reasons to seek out these raiders.
Rev. David (he/him): Your standard side. Quest. Npc: Exactly
Rev. David (he/him): so. There is a king who
Rev. David (he/him): There's the powerful king who called Aaron the Wanderer.
Timothy Sackton: Not a can queue, at least not apparently. I can to
Rev. David (he/him): all right.
Timothy Sackton: There is such thing as coincidences,
Timothy Sackton: So
Rev. David (he/him): just an interesting time like that. The kank who glamorous sutter leather is so awesome
Rev. David (he/him): plus being able to cast Feather fall. It will like Well, he's never walking downstairs again.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, just jump and float
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: ah! So you know it takes you a little bit of time like a week, something like that to get outfitted. You get a you,
Timothy Sackton: you know, have enough money and goodwill to outfit a ship,
Timothy Sackton: a small sailing ship like a you know nothing that requires a substantial crew.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: I mean there's plenty of ships that you can say, with just one person. So something like that supplies for a few weeks journey,
Timothy Sackton: I mean,
Timothy Sackton: you know, whatever else you might want to take
Timothy Sackton: food, water,
Timothy Sackton: maps.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Rosetta draws a map for you that points you in the direction of the of Orange Tower.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: And you set out, and you know just you know, to get to the actual adventure. If there's anything you want to do on the journey like, feel free to let me know. But i'll just narrate a few minutes of sailing, if, unless there's something else, it else is anything you particularly want to do.
Timothy Sackton: I gotta change the background here.
Timothy Sackton: We'll go for that
Timothy Sackton: for the ship for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: so it's a you know It's a
Timothy Sackton: October into No, you know you're leaving the vermilion aisles in
Timothy Sackton: say, the last week in October,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: although you're reasonably far south, and there's a warm current that comes up from the
Timothy Sackton: uh from even further south, so the vermilion aisles are still warm and dry. In November,
Timothy Sackton: as you begin to sail north, you you you're sort of cutting across the prevailing winds. You sort of tack out to sea for a while for the first
Timothy Sackton: for five days of your journey,
Timothy Sackton: and as you get as you had further north, occasionally catching glimpses of other islands in this Long Island chain that runs
Timothy Sackton: three thousand miles from north to south.
Timothy Sackton: The weather turns, and you are, you know, you get to the sort of bitter,
Timothy Sackton: occasional bitter cold nights, as the
Timothy Sackton: you know. Cold winds come out of the the earth in this huge expanse of rye polar land to your north.
Timothy Sackton: The days are still sunny, though, and the journey is fairly pleasant as you
Timothy Sackton: as you pass there's,
Timothy Sackton: you know, the occasional school of dolphins dancing on your prow.
Timothy Sackton: You know the
Timothy Sackton: Flying Fish. There's uh
Timothy Sackton: the shadow of a giant some sort of massively huge, mad terrain
Timothy Sackton: far below, and the depths like forty foot across, or something.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: You pass by
Timothy Sackton: an island
Timothy Sackton: of
Timothy Sackton: just densely wooded with these incredibly tall. They like tightly packed
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: coastal pines, maybe fifty hundred feet tall, but just densely packed like a maze. Um!
Timothy Sackton: And as you set anchor offshore of that island at night you can see little lights twinkling, drifting through the forests. Um!
Timothy Sackton: Of what
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to say, because there's not enough space for it to be. People moving there. There doesn't seem to be any
Timothy Sackton: cities or civil nations on this island.
Timothy Sackton: Um! Just lights moving through the woods,
Timothy Sackton: but nowhere to anchor and no harbor
Timothy Sackton: five
Timothy Sackton: as you get further north,
Timothy Sackton: getting into the second week in November. Now, uh
Timothy Sackton: you ride out some a squall in the shelter of a
Timothy Sackton: you know Another small island,
Timothy Sackton: almost perfectly crescent shaped
um,
Timothy Sackton: seemingly the remnants of
Timothy Sackton: some kind of tropical a toll, some sort of coral,
Timothy Sackton: but everything just turned completely to stone.
Timothy Sackton: These bizarre stone coral statues like creeping out of the out of the shallows in this cove, forming sort of twisted
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: you know, like how like the sort of branchy quarrel does all those like twisting things right,
Timothy Sackton: but it's a nice harbor
Timothy Sackton: further north. You see in the distance
Timothy Sackton: what seems to be a coastal village of Lizard folk
Timothy Sackton: people playing in the uh water swimming out just to see a long expanse of salt marsh on the edge of this island,
Timothy Sackton: and you pass as you as you're approaching. After two and a half weeks of sailing the
Timothy Sackton: the island that Iran's Tower is on a
Timothy Sackton: very small islands,
Timothy Sackton: maybe
Timothy Sackton: no more than um
Timothy Sackton: half a mile across.
That seems to have broken loose from whatever keeps the
Timothy Sackton: these islands
Timothy Sackton: from,
Timothy Sackton: since they drift but very slowly. Whatever keeps them roughly in place, and it was. It's just racing
Timothy Sackton: almost as fast as you're sailing, going in the opposite direction, slowly spinning as it
Timothy Sackton: in the current.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: the you know
Timothy Sackton: It's like Sandy. It's like a sort of temperate sand dunes, sandy beach, Some pines on on it, and then it just
Timothy Sackton: seems to have cracked, and you can see that there was like sand pouring off the sort of backside of this island.
Timothy Sackton: Ah! It seems to be quite stable moving through the waves, but it's like slowly spinning
Timothy Sackton: as you pass.
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: A flock of seagulls
Timothy Sackton: kind of perched, crouched on the beach in some degree of confusion, unsure as to why they are moving so rapidly on a solid shore.
Timothy Sackton: And as you arrive
Timothy Sackton: at
Timothy Sackton: the island that you were directed to
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: you see that there's everything is silent and quiet here. There's a long dock
Timothy Sackton: uh, and
Timothy Sackton: a stone tower. Um! I I could. Mid journey always wants to put towers on cliffs. It's not really on a cliff like the background, is It's just up on the beach right um
Timothy Sackton: back.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing. Nobody docked at the at the I mean. Clearly a dock that people use. There's like ropes coiled that ships could tie up to um. There is
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you know there's barrels of water here. There's like clearly like It's a place where ships come and go and bring goods and food and things to this island, which the island itself is very small.
Timothy Sackton: Um you can. You can see all the way across it. You can see the ocean on the other side.
Timothy Sackton: It's a small, low, lying, mostly sandy island, with a bit of like a small stand of trees
Timothy Sackton: uh like, and mostly sort of
Timothy Sackton: uh,
Timothy Sackton: occasional sandy cliffs and and um beach grasses forming dunes that kind of stretch all the way across the island with this sort of out of place stone tower
John Leeker: standing in the middle of it. And where is this island on the map that you have.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's somewhere like up here, or something. It's small. It's off the coast. It's. The island itself is too small to be marked on this map, but it's, you know, Got a some number. It's like a whatever. A two week journey is from down here somewhere like It's like in this kind of
Timothy Sackton: cluster of all these little islands here, I mean you can. It's. Maybe it's probably like this tiny little island right there.
John Leeker: Got it.
Timothy Sackton: So it's a decent amount further north than the Vermilion Island. It's definitely colder
Timothy Sackton: also because it's now
Timothy Sackton: the middle of November.
Phil Grayson: Are we in. Oh, we're not an earth. That's the other side of the map.
Timothy Sackton: That's the other side of the map. This is ours. So you're across the ocean from Ersk, but a similar sort of
Timothy Sackton: latitude.
Timothy Sackton: This is like sort of Northern Japan kind of climate.
John Leeker: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: So you can easily tie up with the dock. There's you know.
Timothy Sackton: It's clearly designed for ships to pick. It's a very long dock. It stretches
Timothy Sackton: uh clearly beyond the title
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: in and out, so that you could tie up and still float at low tide,
Timothy Sackton: but also, it seems deserted.
Phil Grayson: Oh, tie us up!
John Leeker: I'll mash like gracefully hop on to the dock, and kind of takes a guard like position after
John Leeker: decades of
John Leeker: training and experience
John Leeker: of being the guy with the spear near about.
John Leeker: You want to learn how to tie up a boat. Nope, that's for the sailors.
Phil Grayson: Well, it's It's real easy here. I'll show you, and I just start tying the same. Not over and over and over again. And I say, if you can't tie nuts, you time lots
Rev. David (he/him): that. Meanwhile well, because of that tying actual nuts,
Rev. David (he/him): and and if you, can you? You type
Phil Grayson: one rope that's probably going to fall off, and then yours.
Timothy Sackton: So what do you want to do?
John Leeker: What time of day is it.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, mid morning when you arrive,
Timothy Sackton: and obviously you've had many long rest. So if you didn't click the long rest, button, go ahead and click that
right
awesome.
Phil Grayson: It's probably tower time.
Rev. David (he/him): Let's do it.
Rev. David (he/him): So Is there any other information
Rev. David (he/him): that we've gotten, you know, And during the journey to sort of debrief about what
Rev. David (he/him): what to expect or lay out, or are There
Rev. David (he/him): is what's in there like? What what will we find? Or Yeah. So I mean, Rosanna could have certainly given you a sort of rundown of the tower.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you're you know. Well, you are stocking for the journey um before she went with the Ceo. So
Timothy Sackton: you know It's a
Timothy Sackton: five story tower.
Timothy Sackton: You have the sort of entrance hall where Aaron would greet guests, and um,
Timothy Sackton: you know, have formal
Timothy Sackton: meetings of various kinds. Um,
Timothy Sackton: there's the kitchens and the
Timothy Sackton: um servants quarters. So there was, in addition to
Timothy Sackton: the Rn. The Wanderer and
Timothy Sackton: the Center, who is his apprentice Um, although a fairly talented mage in and out for self. Um not as nearly as talented as our own.
Timothy Sackton: Uh,
Timothy Sackton: There was one sort of manservant butler
Timothy Sackton: person around the house who deal with a sort of steward, right type, who deal with the
Timothy Sackton: logistics of food and stuff. And then there were, like some conjured
Timothy Sackton: invisible servants who did all the actual butlering.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: uh, so second and third floor are the sort of kitchens and the servants quarters, and rosen as corners.
Timothy Sackton: Um. The fourth floor was uh
Timothy Sackton: Barren's quarters, and then the fifth boards, his arms quarters in his in the in a small library
Timothy Sackton: study, more really than library. He was more of a There is
Timothy Sackton: more of a practical,
Timothy Sackton: magical experimentalist than a
Timothy Sackton: one who studies deeply in books,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: then the top floor. Is, it was his or his
Timothy Sackton: workshop,
Timothy Sackton: which at the moment was because he was obsessed with
Timothy Sackton: this mirror realm had been set up with mirrors all around it, and this large pool of highly reflective mercury in the center.
Timothy Sackton: But what to expect? I mean,
Timothy Sackton: uh vicenta, ran she doesn't know what happened to the steward at all.
Timothy Sackton: He never left the tower. She waited for him so like she assumed he's dead
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: Our end seemingly vanished into this
Timothy Sackton: narrow realm, and
Timothy Sackton: is now somehow trapped.
Timothy Sackton: She says that you can make it up to his
Timothy Sackton: his study. He's got tons of notes
Timothy Sackton: that might be useful.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: of course, you know
Timothy Sackton: she last saw him in the workshop on the pop floor
Timothy Sackton: uh, and the the two Kanku um Scota and
um
Timothy Sackton: the other one the tinker. I forget his name. Nato, Nato and Scota have had been there, so they've also traveled widely. They had visited, or they knew him. Um,
Timothy Sackton: not recently. They they they could tell you. Some of you know he's been. He came to the Eastern Isles about fifteen years ago,
Timothy Sackton: in part because he wanted somewhere.
Um!
Well, he came for two reasons. One is because
Timothy Sackton: he thought that there he he believed that there was a lot of magical energies where the endless ocean met the
Timothy Sackton: green sea, and that the islands themselves were enchanted in some way, and he wanted to understand
Timothy Sackton: why and how they moved and what kept them here.
Timothy Sackton: Um, but also because
Timothy Sackton: he didn't really like
Timothy Sackton: people much, and he wanted to be far from
Timothy Sackton: civilization.
Timothy Sackton: But they got along quite well with him there,
Timothy Sackton: Scota, and not to, are also kind of
Timothy Sackton: wanderers, and
Timothy Sackton: ah,
Timothy Sackton: perfectly happy to. Uh,
Timothy Sackton: you know, poke something and see what happens, instead of always wanting to know,
Timothy Sackton: you know, which was very much our in style, like poker, and see what happens.
Timothy Sackton: So that's I mean, unless there's something else specific. You want to know. That's probably most of the background that you would have gotten
Rev. David (he/him): No, but presumably there aren't like
Rev. David (he/him): death traps or something waiting for us.
Timothy Sackton: Uh no,
Timothy Sackton: I mean the tower was always protected mostly by its distance from anything. Then.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, Aaron was never the type who I mean. People came and went right like he would occasionally have visitors. It's not a death trap tower,
Timothy Sackton: although it's been a month since he vanished, so who knows? There might be death jobs. Now
Phil Grayson: can I make an insight check to see if all of your Freudian slips mean that he's dead
Phil Grayson: instead of his, he's not dead, because if he were dead, then Bobby would be trapped.
John Leeker: You What we want to be trapped.
John Leeker: Well, we would just have a very long, long, long, long, long, long trip,
Rev. David (he/him): which, if we did not feel an obligation to get back together with the rest of the party, would be like the best possible thing for him.
Phil Grayson: Mhm
John Leeker: So how much like to the Tower and my Internet was cutting out there
John Leeker: to the Tower question mark?
John Leeker: So it look towards the
John Leeker: two other party members.
Phil Grayson: Yeah. Last one up the stairs is a rotten king. Quick, man, let's go. Let's do it.
Timothy Sackton: So you head for the tower.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: Here, let's get something a little
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: the path so well that you would notice this the the So there's a path that you know you come off the dock, and then there's a path that the clear path that leads up the beach
Timothy Sackton: to the front door of the tower, which seems to be shot at the moment
Timothy Sackton: the path has clearly not been.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody is, Nobody is
Timothy Sackton: passed this way in a long time,
Timothy Sackton: like since. The most, you know
Timothy Sackton: looks like maybe there was a rainstorm of, you know, a week and a half ago, or something like that, and it's clearly nobody has walked here since
Timothy Sackton: then.
Timothy Sackton: Um, now you obviously,
Timothy Sackton: and as you as you sort of begin to approach the entry way. So there's this sort of
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: It's like sat back from the beach enough, but it so that it's kind of more. Ah rock and dirt and sand! But there's still a fair bit of stand, and there's the this kind of entry way that's been swept clean and compacted down, and then
Timothy Sackton: like tiled, just not in any fancy way, but with like big flat stones,
Timothy Sackton: and you can see that there's, as you begin to approach the entryway lobby. You would also notice this. There's like you catch little
Timothy Sackton: glints of like what looked like maybe shards of glass or something kind of scattered about
Timothy Sackton: uh, just like catching little glints of the mid morning sun.
Timothy Sackton: The door is
Timothy Sackton: locked
Timothy Sackton: or barred. It doesn't just push open.
Rev. David (he/him): I'm not.
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: You notice behind you that the cards of glass are like starting to
Timothy Sackton: almost go last like it almost looks like there is a
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: it's almost like like you're looking at.
Timothy Sackton: I don't like right after It's been like a a heavy ice storm, and there's like the sunlight coming through the through the ice like refracts, and it sort of is sparkly,
Timothy Sackton: but they're like the glasses like when each time you knock the glass like like fragments of glass like jump up into the air like much more than they should from just
Timothy Sackton: and and almost you almost catch them starting to sort of move. Creep a little bit closer
Rev. David (he/him): if there's no answer.
John Leeker: How much classes on the ground?
Timothy Sackton: A fair bad,
John Leeker: al-mash starts just like that, kicking it farther apart.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: okay, uh um!
Timothy Sackton: As you move and begin to kick it, there's almost like a wind blows up in this
Timothy Sackton: swirl of
Timothy Sackton: like mirror shards like four hours up like a like a
Timothy Sackton: um whirlwind around you,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: I guess
Timothy Sackton: you should roll on this.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, here, let me let me! I can Um,
Timothy Sackton: I didn't. I didn't. I was super busy this week. I didn't have a chance to actually make any battle maps, but I can
Timothy Sackton: just draw something quickly.
Timothy Sackton: So basically you've got
Timothy Sackton: the tower or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you've got the light courtyard,
Timothy Sackton: the like flat area here. Oh, I you can't see what i'm doing here,
Timothy Sackton: there
Timothy Sackton: and then there's the door here,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: well, i'll be just knocked in the door. So yeah, we'll be, is there?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, and so
oops.
Timothy Sackton: It's much bigger. It should be something I can't get rid of
there.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: okay. So this
Timothy Sackton: this swarm swirls up around.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, okay, let me
Timothy Sackton: sorry I didn't have a chance to set this up in a dance, but it would just take a suck.
Timothy Sackton: Why is it
to that?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, okay, let's see? What did everybody get for? Initiative?
Timothy Sackton: Nineteen
Timothy Sackton: nine.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So as you Um.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: as you um spring as this as you like, go to kick it. This thing's like swirls up
Timothy Sackton: around you.
Timothy Sackton: Um, and is going to um like the light just dazzles around you, and you need to make you. I don't actually need to make a constitution saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: uh, you like Close your eyes sort of um a blinking um out of out of the
Timothy Sackton: ah
Timothy Sackton: out of the range of, you know, keeping keeping yourself from being blinded. But you still take eight points of radiant damage,
Timothy Sackton: as Shaw then leaps into action.
Timothy Sackton: Uh seeing this, these uh swarms all begin to rise up out of the ground.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: And this one
Timothy Sackton: clustering and flashing and seeming to attack
Timothy Sackton: all mash,
Phil Grayson: remind me how squishy is? Well be.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, he's!
Timothy Sackton: It's not super squishy.
Phil Grayson: He's a he's a ranger, a rogue, Ranger. Okay,
Phil Grayson: But then it would be good if we were together for your sneak attack, so
Phil Grayson: I will um
Phil Grayson: bonus action
Phil Grayson: two
Phil Grayson: get big,
Phil Grayson: and then
Phil Grayson: i'll move five to ten, fifteen
Phil Grayson: twenty
Phil Grayson: twenty-five.
Phil Grayson: With my reach. Could I hit the one that's
Timothy Sackton: with? Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yep.
Phil Grayson: So I will uh do a regular attack against that one
Timothy Sackton: that it?
Phil Grayson: Okay. So. Oh, there's lightning damage on it. There shouldn't be,
Phil Grayson: or what you know, there always is.
Phil Grayson: We're always lighting damage. Yeah, okay. And then I also get the D eight. I rolled up by accident above. It was a seven.
Phil Grayson: Okay. So
that's a tech one, and then I can attack again.
Yup,
Phil Grayson: Lovely
Timothy Sackton: that misses. So your first you hit first in several of these little fragments shatter, but then they kind of part out of the way, as your second strike uh, just passes harmlessly through the swarm, and this
Timothy Sackton: swarm over here. One, two, three, four, five, six,
Timothy Sackton: seven, eight moves there, starting to partially and encircle you before it gets like as it gets into my regional opportunity attack to stop it
Timothy Sackton: if I can. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: Uh:
Phil Grayson: yeah, so
Timothy Sackton: bad just misses. Oh, damn! So it can keep coming then. And I Yeah, my opportunity is done for to turn my reaction just parts It just parts around the swing of your of your glave and swarms around you and starts this again, this blinding slash. Yeah, that you also have to make a constitution saving. Throw
Phil Grayson: ice cream out. These are hard to hit,
Timothy Sackton: and you are also blinded by the light, and these are harder to hit. I take nineteen points of radiant damage, as it as the like shimmering flashes of these um shards of of mirror.
Timothy Sackton: Um surround you. This one is going to move. One,
Timothy Sackton: two, three, four, five,
Timothy Sackton: six,
Timothy Sackton: seven,
Timothy Sackton: eight
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: and well uh
Timothy Sackton: Well, uh just begin like these cuts of this mirror is just gonna fly at uh
Timothy Sackton: at Shawl. Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: and it's going to have advantage because you're blinded.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: that's a twenty four to hit
Timothy Sackton: uh, yeah, which hits. So you take um.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you take sixteen points of slashing damage from the charge of the mirrors um slashing around you. Well, be it you up.
Phil Grayson: This is a nine, thirty Pm. Tpk:
Rev. David (he/him): So i'm. Well, this thinking,
Rev. David (he/him): can I just open this door and we'd go through and close it behind us and avoid this entire thing.
Rev. David (he/him): Um!
Rev. David (he/him): From the amount of inspection of the door done prior to this attack,
Rev. David (he/him): Is it clear like? Is it just locked like? Is there a lock that I can open there? There is a lock. Yes, you could. You could attempt to open the lock.
Rev. David (he/him): All right. I will do that then.
Um!
Timothy Sackton: So make a
Timothy Sackton: the use tools. So make a dax check plus your You're proficient in
Rev. David (he/him): skills right? I'm just gonna roll on. D twenty plus eight here. Yeah
Rev. David (he/him): oops. Wait a minute.
Rev. David (he/him): No, that's all The other slash
Timothy Sackton: uh backslash, not forward. Slash!
Rev. David (he/him): What's the in the box?
Rev. David (he/him): Real poor showing
Timothy Sackton: you? You. You think you actually think you can. You might be able to figure it out like one year lock gets It's not a super I mean it is a fairly complicated lock. It's like an elaborate um uh design,
Timothy Sackton: like you know, this is within your capabilities. But at the moment your walkbook is kind of stuck, and you've got to fiddle with it and try again alright, alright, Al mash.
John Leeker: So
John Leeker: um.
John Leeker: So first let me.
John Leeker: I will.
John Leeker: I'll stay here, and I will slash at the
John Leeker: glass swarming in front of me.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
John Leeker: do I do the oned six plus five or the oned eight plus five.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: well, first you got to roll to a T. I'm: Sorry. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: But oned six, because you have a shield that the d eight is two-handed,
Timothy Sackton: that hits just barely
Timothy Sackton: okay. So
Timothy Sackton: as you stab you stab at this from your first strike
Timothy Sackton: um cracks one of these pieces of glass, and you can see the cold
Timothy Sackton: spreading and and the the mirrors frosting from the cold. You can go ahead and make your second attack,
Timothy Sackton: and the second hits as well,
Timothy Sackton: and you can see the size of this. This swarm is clearly
Timothy Sackton: is clearly dropping like it's it's Now
Timothy Sackton: it's now reduced.
Timothy Sackton: Well, i'm not going to make it that small, because then it'll just totally finish.
Say I.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: there we go. It's now much smaller, and you clearly like destroyed some of the glass here. Um! But it is going to, as it's swirling around. You attempt to cut you
Timothy Sackton: um,
John Leeker: so
Timothy Sackton: that's a fifteen to hit,
Timothy Sackton: which I see.
John Leeker: I'm: twenty.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So you just bat at the side of it. So then I use repost.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
John Leeker: Um. Does that use a one of my dice, my superior. You guys. Okay, So I do that. And then I do another attack
Timothy Sackton: that it's
Timothy Sackton: uh,
Timothy Sackton: okay, um. So as it as it uh these, like glass shards are spinning around you. You throw up your shield and block them out of your way and take a slash at them, and again. The cold seems to be cracking the the glass. Um much more efficiently than the spear.
Timothy Sackton: Surely you're up still blind, then, but you can make another save at the I. You turn. I shout to to Shan Wellbe ice.
John Leeker: You have ice. It damages them, or it impacts them more.
Phil Grayson: I can't even see right now. But
John Leeker: thanks, though how much is like to your left and to your right,
Phil Grayson: all right, so i'll do one to the left and one to the right with disadvantage on both of them.
Phil Grayson: Let's see here,
Phil Grayson: one, two, three, four,
Timothy Sackton: So uh both of those mess Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: fifteen and a nine. But you can make your console again
Phil Grayson: as a.
Timothy Sackton: So you blink your eyes, and uh, after a minute your site comes back. All you got to do is Blake a bunch, and they don't look at them, this one
Timothy Sackton: Uh-huh!
Timothy Sackton: This one here is going to move now
Timothy Sackton: into well-being space an attempt to blind him
Rev. David (he/him): me. So, Con, saving through
Phil Grayson: Don't worry that well be all you gotta do is blink if you fail.
Timothy Sackton: So you are now also blinded, and take uh
Timothy Sackton: eighteen points of radiant damage as the one next to it that's now swirling around in.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: uh, in shoals space is going to
Timothy Sackton: is going to swing at you. But you, now that you're not blinded here, you know, dodging out of the way, and none of the shards of glass managed to damage you. Uh, you want to try and pick. So you're going to be a disadvantage because you can't see
Rev. David (he/him): But you can try again. Is there any way to get myself unblinded.
Timothy Sackton: You can make it at the end of your turn. You can make another, save to see if you can throw off the effect.
Rev. David (he/him): The term would steady aim, cancel out blindness, or is that not?
Rev. David (he/him): I think.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: yeah,
Timothy Sackton: I mean
Timothy Sackton: the steady i'm given. I don't think well not, for it's not going to affect your lock Picking attempt?
Timothy Sackton: No, right. We're right. No, I'm. I'm thinking of. But it would cancel out disadvantage for it to attack.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, I think it'll just do that. If it's ranged you'd have disadvantage again, though.
Rev. David (he/him): Uh, I think i'm close enough that I can use my shorts.
Phil Grayson: Okay, Can you use your short sword. Yes,
John Leeker: it probably doesn't have like sunglasses or something.
Timothy Sackton: It is that this is No, no, A little pieces of glass flying away, they thought dart out of the way of your of your sword just again. It's like every time you're swinging. They kind of not that you can see this because you're blind. They kind of
Rev. David (he/him): part out of the way. Uh, I think i'm getting the my call out.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yeah, making it a concept
Timothy Sackton: still blinds.
Thanks.
Phil Grayson: You only have one attack
Rev. David (he/him): when it hits It's great. It does a lot.
John Leeker: Um.
John Leeker: Alamash attacks the one in front of them
Timothy Sackton: that it
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, this one is now, you know, reduced
Timothy Sackton: to about a third of its original size. You've managed to smash
Timothy Sackton: about two-thirds of the of the glass, and and especially every time you're
Timothy Sackton: your frost. Fear hits the like. Cold makes these things super brittle, and they just crack and turn to dust. You can still make your second attack. So
cool
Timothy Sackton: that misses, though.
Timothy Sackton: And in the
Timothy Sackton: can I move?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, yeah, you can move.
John Leeker: So i'm going to
John Leeker: a goods shield. Master Kind of
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a wisdom saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. You as you try and leave a leave from this swarm like the reflections in this mirror are
Timothy Sackton: are
Timothy Sackton: uh making it very difficult for you to orient yourself, but you like you like concentrate. You, you know, focus on a distant point and get out of the swarm. It is going to make an opportunity to attack against you.
John Leeker: So armor clock. So uh, which is gonna mess.
John Leeker: Can I repost it again if I wanted to.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: yeah, I don't see why not? Um,
John Leeker: I won't. I will say nice dice, but but that's good to know that I can.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, uh
Timothy Sackton: sure, you're up.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. So this one's really reduced in size. Now
Phil Grayson: I will.
Phil Grayson: Um,
Timothy Sackton: I've hit one of them right, the one on the right, This one they they get smaller as you break the glass. So the one that's small is the one that's taking a lot of dip right, but of the two that I that I know you Haven't had any of the two that you're under either of the two.
Phil Grayson: Oh, yeah, yeah, Because I just use my reach the first time. Okay, Um. Well, i'm not going to try and leave, so I will just try to smash what is here. Um,
Phil Grayson: i'll hit the i'll tack at the one on my right
Timothy Sackton: that misses
Phil Grayson: that does mess
Phil Grayson: that is
Phil Grayson: finally. So
Phil Grayson: there's the d eight on to it.
Phil Grayson: We got eighteen total there,
Phil Grayson: and then I've got my bonus action full arm, which is just a little attack.
Phil Grayson: But it's a twenty, say, hey? Still pretty good, and I think
Phil Grayson: just checking now
Phil Grayson: on.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, once on each of your turns, one of your attacks skills the Okay, already done. So you you managed to. You're starting to get the hang of this like hitting the hitting the glass, watching it uh move in and out. Um, but they're still surrounding you, and they are
Timothy Sackton: going to swarm one on Well, be.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: that's a twenty-three.
Phil Grayson: I can. Of course i'm going to force it to attack its buddy instead of Weldy for that attack.
Timothy Sackton: I've got. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: Tim, we can see your roles, which may be fine, but just that that's fine. But that was a Wendy twenty underscore six. So i'm rolling that one again. So this is the cloud the cloud run. So what does it have to make?
Phil Grayson: Uh, it just says, when you see a creature within thirty feet is hit or sorry when you are a creature, you see, within thirty feet is hit by an attack roll. You can use the reaction to choose a different creature other than the attacker within even it becomes the target Same role.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So uh
Timothy Sackton: you, you just redirect this swirling um mass of of blades that then crash into its its ally instead of well be um
Timothy Sackton: ah
Timothy Sackton: doing
Timothy Sackton: sixteen points of damage to his already wounded friend.
Timothy Sackton: Um, who is now shrinking
Timothy Sackton: half of his original size.
Timothy Sackton: Uh, and that ends their turns, because the other one missed wellbe so well. But you're up still blind.
Rev. David (he/him): I'll attack again,
Timothy Sackton: and that is with the vicious, too. That's gonna do a lot of damage,
Timothy Sackton: so that that's not wait. That's not
Timothy Sackton: that didn't do the credit, though.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, no, it didn't do that. That's everything but the crit That's the vicious damage the piercing and the So that's thirty-three plus um What am I rolling for the remind me what Grid is again double your dice. So it should be another sixty-six.
Timothy Sackton: So that is fifty five once a damage. Okay? Well, this is just like i'm second. Which one are you talking?
Rev. David (he/him): The one that's like right on top of me.
Timothy Sackton: Okay? Ah,
Timothy Sackton: um, Bobby's standing there. I'm sick of this, and you just swing in this giant circle, and you hear this
Timothy Sackton: tinkling of glass.
Timothy Sackton: It's not quite, dad,
Timothy Sackton: but
Timothy Sackton: it's very small. It's a very small cloud. Now
Timothy Sackton: I get it. I feel like I got it like less than half of It's a far less like like down to a quarter of its original size. You got it that time, but you gotta just blink Blink more. I blat a lot. Yeah, yeah, spend the next six seconds, just blinking
Timothy Sackton: our mash,
John Leeker: so Al Mash will
John Leeker: move a little bit over to get in range and attack the biggest one remaining. Yep,
Timothy Sackton: that misses,
John Leeker: he frustratingly stabs again with anger
Timothy Sackton: that hits.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: so yeah, that one now is also they're all now shrunken down to about to less than half their original size. Um, as there's like sort of glass dust around um.
Timothy Sackton: This one here that had been attacking you before is going to move up
Timothy Sackton: um swarming around you, Al Mash,
John Leeker: And can I do a reaction attack as it gets close to me?
Timothy Sackton: Do you have an ability that lets you do that? Oh,
Phil Grayson: I I'll do it if Oh, wait, no. I think I I already use my reaction on the making a detective. It is your reaction. Yeah, I I don't have reaction on that.
Timothy Sackton: So it's going to swarm. This smaller group now is going to swarm around you. Ah! Slashing at you. But again you just throw up your shield and the the um fragments bounce off you as shoal leaps into action.
Timothy Sackton: Now bigger sole is now the dominant creature on this battlefield.
Timothy Sackton: Piles of glass have been
Timothy Sackton: cut to pieces. Yeah, these are just good for powder in your nose. Now, it's like a little compact.
Phil Grayson: I will try and smash the one by Well be to start.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Phil Grayson: that'll hit that heads.
Phil Grayson: I won't. Use that idea There,
Timothy Sackton: that's actually going to
Phil Grayson: destroy that one entirely right. I will try to whack the one on my
Phil Grayson: well, i'll try and whack the one that um ella mash this one here. Yeah, i'll try and whack that one next, because I know he's done a lot to it.
Timothy Sackton: That also hats.
Phil Grayson: Ah, eleven. Yeah, that should kill that one, does it? Not Quite All right. Well, then, I will. Bonus action attack that same one again
Phil Grayson: eight, and then I've got a d eight, if you need it.
Timothy Sackton: Uh
Timothy Sackton: well, the Da:
Timothy Sackton: Okay, yes, that's enough. That one. Now also under the just the back hand with your with the back end of your glave shadows the last piece of the that mirror
Phil Grayson: wonderful.
Timothy Sackton: This last one is going to
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Ah is going to move
Timothy Sackton: on to you.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: she also
Timothy Sackton: it doesn't get its
Timothy Sackton: uh
John Leeker: You're giving it disadvantage. Yep, i'll. I'll Bash shoves out a shield, pushing into the
John Leeker: the flying small bundle of glass.
Timothy Sackton: Well, that did not work. I don't know how to do disadvantage on this
Timothy Sackton: I just do. Well, okay, a two. So that misses um.
Timothy Sackton: You just
Timothy Sackton: al mash. Just knocks the glass away. Wellby, you're up.
Timothy Sackton: You're muted. You're muted.
Rev. David (he/him): Sorry. I guess i'll move towards it and back again.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so you're still You're still blinded now, and because you moved you can't study a So you're going to have this advantage,
Timothy Sackton: which means you can't get sneak attack
Timothy Sackton: still. Hat.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: but because it is disadvantaged, you don't do sneak, attack to him and John Aven.
Rev. David (he/him): So just five then.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: Al Mash,
John Leeker: How much winds up?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, thank you so much. The wink the the blinking that was it that misses It's It's now like, got, it is smaller. So your your spear thrusts are having harder time connecting, and I try. You can make your
Timothy Sackton: yeah. That one's gonna hit.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, okay, Yup! That is enough to kill that one. So it with your final spear thrust the glass sort of falls around the ground of of to shoal's feet.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: And you. And now you're sort of surrounded by
Timothy Sackton: powder
Timothy Sackton: instead of shards of glass,
Timothy Sackton: walks over with his like armored boot, and just grinds any bit that seems too big in this into dust. Just grind it up. Yeah, there's there's like, Yeah, there's nothing left here of anything that resembles even a sliver of glass.
Phil Grayson: Sha shawl looks around and he goes. Um, Okay, dudes. I don't love this. So
Phil Grayson: he's like counting on his fingers, and he goes. That's seven years bad luck for you, and he points it out of match, and then he's like, but that's
Phil Grayson: well, that's fourteen that years for me, man, that's like almost as old as I am. You know that's a long time we
Phil Grayson: we need to get like greater restoration or something, and like soon
Rev. David (he/him): will be. Where's the hand in there and says, Yeah, that boy. That just sounds so rough for both of you. Hmm.
Phil Grayson: Wait! Was that it? Did you cast it
Timothy Sackton: with no time pressure and nothing attacking you. It's. It takes you a minute to to pick the lock, but it's not a serious challenge. Should we do a quick break real quick?
John Leeker: Yeah, yeah,
Timothy Sackton: sure, like.
Timothy Sackton: So
Rev. David (he/him): Ah, there wasn't a separate divinity school until one thousand eight hundred and sixteen before that it was just Harvard College, and you go through the college and get that debate.
Timothy Sackton: So the door to the tower swings open
Timothy Sackton: as well be unlocks it,
Timothy Sackton: and the the entry way. The first floor is I mean it's a fairly grand.
Timothy Sackton: It's it doesn't appear grand from the outside. It's like playing gray stone. Nothing too fancy
Timothy Sackton: but the this first
Timothy Sackton: first run. It's sort of like a hallway. There's a there there's like a
Timothy Sackton: fancy candelabra with candles on, let,
Timothy Sackton: and and a sort of an understated but elegant um entry room that then opens out into a into a
Timothy Sackton: almost an audience chamber.
Timothy Sackton: Um! There's a a staircase, a a staircase that spirals up one wall going up to the next floor. No doors or corridors in this bottom floor. Um! It's just well there's the There's the entry hall itself that has
Timothy Sackton: the two walls. But then there's just an archway that opens into this this big audience chamber. Everything looks
Timothy Sackton: like it's been untouched for a while.
Phil Grayson: As I get to the door I start to shrink down to regular size, and I go the curse, it's coming true. It just sort of stick into the ground. But then I get back up again, and
Phil Grayson: just a normal size. L. For the time being.
Phil Grayson: How is everybody doing for hit points. Those um those mirrors really
wax me.
Rev. David (he/him): I mean we could short rest for an hour before we
Rev. David (he/him): trump in,
Rev. David (he/him): presumably
Phil Grayson: I mean
Phil Grayson: doesn't sound like anything's coming right now.
Rev. David (he/him): I think we should rest and just go in fresh.
John Leeker: All Mash takes office and enjoys
Phil Grayson: a refreshing breeze.
John Leeker: So how do we determine our Hp.
Timothy Sackton: For a short rest. Do we roll a hit die so you can roll hit dice. Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: you click the short rest button and then it Yeah, they just come up as many as you all match didn't take that much damage. So if you click the short rest, you can roll a few, you know, two or three. It's probably enough.
Phil Grayson: Oh, nice for
one.
Timothy Sackton: That's better. It averages out, Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And remember also to click the short rest button, because it will reset your short rest abilities which both fighters have
John Leeker: it weird. It doesn't either manually reset mine.
Phil Grayson: Oh, that's a good
Rev. David (he/him): it to me as a sidebar. I think the plus one to Ac is not attached to the K two set of leather armor enhanced.
Timothy Sackton: Oh,
Timothy Sackton: uh,
Timothy Sackton: I think you're right.
Rev. David (he/him): And then also the other fall Doesn't: show up on my spell. This, but it's probably not relevant,
Rev. David (he/him): and it shows one charge instead of two
Timothy Sackton: for flight. Okay? Well, Oh, you're right. I'm change. I'm fixing the charges
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: it looks like I might have.
Timothy Sackton: Why is it?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, are you sure that it's It's a to is make sure that's attuned.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, you're right.
Rev. David (he/him): I'm sure you're right,
Timothy Sackton: because it looks. Everything looks correct,
Timothy Sackton: you, and if you are not attuned, none of that will show up.
Rev. David (he/him): Done.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah. Good call. Thank you.
Rev. David (he/him): Yep.
Good.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. After the breather.
Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: you enter this
Timothy Sackton: the entry way and see what I just described.
Timothy Sackton: So where do you want to go?
John Leeker: I mentioned Alamash is like walking in like shield, and like the spear, like you know, like a methodical defensive. Um!
John Leeker: I met any kind of moves like a um like line backers do where it's like big, but like really surprisingly graceful footwork, like like like very technically efficient movement, the the medieval clone of clearing a room like you see, like a or something
Phil Grayson: I would like to take a look around for any signs of mirror-like substances on the floor or on the walls;
Phil Grayson: or if if the chandelier is made out of mirrors instead of crystal pieces, I want to know that i'm just like
Phil Grayson: i'm cautious now.
Timothy Sackton: Ah make up. Make a perception check.
Rev. David (he/him): I'll do the same. Just a general check for traps anywhere and everywhere
Timothy Sackton: and an al mash what? Well, well-be and scholar are searching this floor. What? Your
Timothy Sackton: keep on guard or you? Yeah, I am not going to be surprised
Timothy Sackton: by something
Timothy Sackton: Uh: so.
Timothy Sackton: Um:
Timothy Sackton: yeah. Well, but you would notice this. There are,
Timothy Sackton: uh, so there are
Timothy Sackton: places on. So there's in this big audience chamber
Timothy Sackton: on
Timothy Sackton: on two of the walls there are places where
Timothy Sackton: something mirror shaped once hung
Timothy Sackton: like you can tell that the wall like it's discolored, and you know the sun has faded the stone everywhere around this one spot that's you know, about three feet wide and about six feet tall,
Timothy Sackton: but there is nothing there, and in fact,
Timothy Sackton: there is. There are no reflecting surfaces
Timothy Sackton: like anywhere in this room.
Timothy Sackton: There's the candelabra link which is, or chandelier hanging
Timothy Sackton: that has candles in it. But it's the the metal, the the
Timothy Sackton: it almost. It actually looks now that you're looking at it like somebody's gone with like
Timothy Sackton: some sort of like resin or shoe polish, and like rubbed it so that it's dull and unreflective.
Phil Grayson: What I like to see
Rev. David (he/him): i'm going to pour some water out on the floor and make a little puddle.
Rev. David (he/him): Let's see what happens.
Timothy Sackton: You You look, you see a reflection in the puddle.
Timothy Sackton: It weighs at you,
Rev. David (he/him): smiles, but I am not waving
Timothy Sackton: sort of motions like this.
Rev. David (he/him): No, no, you you First you come out here first. I'll go in there with you after you come out
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: the hand begins to reach out of the water.
Timothy Sackton: Sort of
Timothy Sackton: feel around.
Phil Grayson: Is it his reflection?
Phil Grayson: Okay, It's like it. It. It looks like you're looking in the mirror. Now the guys coming out of it.
Yeah,
Phil Grayson: um. Well, we like robbing for you. Maybe we don't want to you. I mean, it'd be great for sneak attack. But i'm gonna shuffle back a little bit. Okay, so so we could soak the water back up, or you guys could could like
Rev. David (he/him): brace me and get to see if we can pull this thing out.
John Leeker: Do you?
Phil Grayson: Do you want a like a twin
Rev. David (he/him): an evil twin? I mean, there's a certain like storybook charm to it.
John Leeker: How will we know which one is you, and which one is that
Rev. David (he/him): I just starts. I I go to the edge of the puddle, and I start slurping at it like making the puzzle small.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, actually i'll i'll toss like a my cloak or a shirt, or something like that over the puddle in an effort to soak it up. Okay,
Rev. David (he/him): how does it interact with the hand like? Is it
Timothy Sackton: draping over the thing like the hand is made out of as soon as you like. Hold your cloak up so that
Timothy Sackton: so that you're breaking the line of sight between the puddle and you and start to throw it over. The hand just collapses into water.
John Leeker: But we all saw the hand right, not just. Oh, yeah, you all saw it. Yeah,
John Leeker: but it's well, these line of sight.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, so you you you try. Look, Look at the puddle. See what happens.
Phil Grayson: Me? Oh, man, all right. I take a pink,
Phil Grayson: is it? Well, me?
Timothy Sackton: No, you see yourself,
Phil Grayson: man, my puddle is way better looking than yours was man,
Rev. David (he/him): because my mine was a halfling
Timothy Sackton: winks again.
Timothy Sackton: Kind of gestures. Its head slightly.
Rev. David (he/him): It's trying to do the wink at you.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, I know.
Phil Grayson: Oh, it doesn't want me to.
Phil Grayson: No, man. I'm, i'm not into this, and I just like Push the puddle across the floor is smear it out.
Rev. David (he/him): It vanishes.
Phil Grayson: It's like Mickey.
Phil Grayson: Um!
Phil Grayson: I
Phil Grayson: I take a look at my glve
Phil Grayson: like the flat of my blade.
Phil Grayson: Is it
Phil Grayson: me in my glave?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yeah, that's pretty reflective.
Timothy Sackton: Uh
yeah, You see you,
Timothy Sackton: I mean. It's distorted right? It's not a clear reflection.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, Um.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, the
Timothy Sackton: your head kind of turn like It's mostly tracking you as you move Occasionally the eyes will dart in a direction. You're not looking like It's trying to look around and see where it is.
Phil Grayson: What is so. There are metal.
Phil Grayson: There is metal that we can see in the room that has been sort of dulled.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, So the the the chandelier is this big like crystal and
Timothy Sackton: um, I guess it's like mostly made of silver like It's got a bunch of these branches of silver, but it's been
Timothy Sackton: it's been sort of smeared with some sort of
Timothy Sackton: like grayish substance, so that it's not reflective. Is there anything we could reach that has been smeared out like that?
Timothy Sackton: Uh? So there's the two things that were on the wall that have been removed, whatever they were possibly mirrors.
Timothy Sackton: Um! And there's
Timothy Sackton: uh so there's like a there's like a round table
Timothy Sackton: wooden table, and then there is like a um
Timothy Sackton: a set of chairs around the table. It's like a It's like a you know, like conference room type set up. There's a There's a huge tapestry on one wall that's that's you know, woven cloth. There's nothing else. Everything else is wooden stone and cloth.
Timothy Sackton: How is this area lit
Timothy Sackton: sunlight. There's windows, those light coming into the windows.
John Leeker: Fyi. No white, no reflections
John Leeker: that can be useful information.
John Leeker: Presumably, if that's how that works.
Phil Grayson: Presumably
Phil Grayson: Um. Do. I have dark vision.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I think you do.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, I'm looking to see where that lives. Yes, I have dark vision.
Phil Grayson: Do things with dark vision get reflections
Phil Grayson: in the dark.
Rev. David (he/him): Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, that's in the
Phil Grayson: very interesting physics question. If there's enough late to see than than photons or whatever are bouncing. Right?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. But dark vision isn't
Timothy Sackton: it's not low-life vision. It's magic right? It's like you can see, even if there's no light.
Phil Grayson: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: about that
Rev. David (he/him): I think dark vision is like the Greek conception of vision as a comb that goes outwards from your eyes to the world rather than
Rev. David (he/him): collecting something that's outside of it.
Timothy Sackton: It is because it has a limited range. Right? It goes for sixty feet.
Timothy Sackton: So I think you would see reflections.
Phil Grayson: Okay, then, how is the chandelier held to the ceiling.
Timothy Sackton: Uh
Timothy Sackton: like a fancy chain. Is it like attached to the wall to like raise and lower?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Phil Grayson: yeah, I want to lower it and get some of that gunk and put it on my glove because I don't want anything jumping out of my glove while i'm fighting.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: That's easy enough to do.
John Leeker: Al Mash is going to smear it over any reflected bit of his armor.
Timothy Sackton: Your armor is, I think, based on Alamash's character. Pretty like
Timothy Sackton: it. Yeah. Well, you
Timothy Sackton: it's not. You don't have. You're not the type of character who has, you know, the shiny, freshly polished armor that you can see yourself in.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. And I I don't have that, either. Mine's all sort of seaweedy green. Yours is all seaweedy and and ornate, but not reflective.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, Okay. So I am. I am feeling much better.
Phil Grayson: Um.
Phil Grayson: Last last reflection question for this room.
Phil Grayson: What about the window pains? Are they?
Timothy Sackton: Uh, there are no pains in the windows. They are.
Timothy Sackton: They're just open air where it is like a bit of a wood frame. It's like something. Oh, that that's where the glass came from that we fought.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, it could be.
Rev. David (he/him): Uh.
John Leeker: So I assume our email going forward is destroy anything that has reflections.
Phil Grayson: Seems like a reasonable plan.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah,
John Leeker: wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Can we try something?
John Leeker: Can we have a reflection of a reflection?
Timothy Sackton: I mean, of course, if you set it up right. But you need two mirrors. Well, we get to reflective service. We need a puddle of water and a shiny glave. We can put the gun on later.
John Leeker: Right then there, if we can put the glaze at a safe distance over the puddle and see how the the two interact.
Phil Grayson: We also need. We'd also need somebody to reflect Right? I think the glave just looking at a puddle won't do anything. Actually. Yeah, Have a mirror that I've never used
Rev. David (he/him): my my inventory from
Rev. David (he/him): way back. So we've got at least one mirror at least one non magical mirror. Tim: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: you've got a bunch of mirrors actually somewhere in the back of Alabash's mind is some weird memory about a scary mirror. He doesn't know where it's from.
Phil Grayson: So
Phil Grayson: if you want to try this I can. I hold the glave up, and you stand in between it, and well be smear, and we see
Phil Grayson: what the front of your head in the back of your head. Do?
John Leeker: Okay, This sound good. We'll be. You seem to know
John Leeker: magic.
John Leeker: Yeah. Okay. So like takes a deep breath, grabs his um spear and his shield like It's going to do anything and steps
John Leeker: the intersecting space to do the experiment.
Timothy Sackton: Um.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: yeah, like you're looking down at the pool of butter
Timothy Sackton: sort of aside, and you're holding a wave up above to that.
Timothy Sackton: His reflection was reflected in the grave.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: as before. You see yourself in the water.
Timothy Sackton: Uh again. It's like the reflection is mostly mirroring you.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: But then, uh
Timothy Sackton: you're just kind of You're sort of standing there defensively
Timothy Sackton: and like a spear comes
Timothy Sackton: shooting out of the water up towards it. You knock it away with your
Timothy Sackton: with your shield as you're expecting this, but
John Leeker: so I immediately like, jump out of the line of sight.
Timothy Sackton: But there's nothing happening with the glaze. It's not
Timothy Sackton: It's just the pool of water. There's nothing
Timothy Sackton: a reflection of a reflection doesn't seem to do anything,
John Leeker: it seems to me, or our
John Leeker: mood. Possibly
John Leeker: one was flirtatious. One was curious, and one was angry.
Rev. David (he/him): So there's some aspect of ourself in these reflections,
John Leeker: Mhm
John Leeker: or at least the self we project
Phil Grayson: just as a quick aside. I'm curious whether the webcam will do that old school trick with the with video. If I turn it on itself, does it do the Internet
Phil Grayson: Yeah, Not quite. I tried to turn off my background. But it I think Jen has got it program to
Timothy Sackton: let me. I got it. Well, now, hold on!
Timothy Sackton: Ah, how do I?
John Leeker: I only wish Linux would act. This is the first time Zoom has not had the full feature set.
Phil Grayson: All right. Let's see. So this is
Phil Grayson: it's still.
Phil Grayson: Oh, that's because I've got mine on right now. Still, hold on,
program.
Timothy Sackton: That's what we just created.
Phil Grayson: And then the spear flies out.
Rev. David (he/him): And now fill this trapped inside the webcam.
Timothy Sackton: Bye, fell nice knowing you yeah
Timothy Sackton: down.
What's your plan?
Rev. David (he/him): I think we should keep exploring and seeing what's
Rev. David (he/him): what else is here,
Phil Grayson: and also keep in our mind that if we need a mere person, we gotta do it with the right intentions.
Phil Grayson: No more floating.
Rev. David (he/him): Um, I don't feel like that's a big assumption, but but worth worth it.
John Leeker: I just stabbed. Try to stab myself. So.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, But I mean that seems like something you would do right
Phil Grayson: like you are right?
Rev. David (he/him): Fair enough. That's not surprising,
John Leeker: so I guess we had up the stairs.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: head slowly up, keeping an eye out.
Rev. David (he/him): Let's take the lead, looking at,
Rev. David (he/him): watching and being weary.
Timothy Sackton: So as you
Timothy Sackton: come up to the second floor, there is a
Timothy Sackton: this: The staircase kind of comes up to
Timothy Sackton: small hallway with a door at the far end,
Timothy Sackton: otherwise a fairly clean room. How is this room lit? Still windows?
Timothy Sackton: Uh yeah, there's a window there. There's like
Timothy Sackton: sticks windows all around. They're they're not big windows up here. It's so on the down on the first floor there were like big
Timothy Sackton: windows that would normally have like glass. Um uh fancy like windows. But up here, like as you go off the stair, those basically like aeroslit. So you've just got like a beam of sunlight. Um.
Timothy Sackton: It seems like the first, like what you could see from looking outside was like the first,
Timothy Sackton: third, and fourth floors had like nice windows, and the pop floor has no windows at all, and the
Timothy Sackton: second floor has just like error slits to one right.
Phil Grayson: So
Phil Grayson: if i'm remembering correctly, this is going to be like the kitchen behind this door, and that could have a lot of shiny and sharp things in it.
Phil Grayson: Um,
Phil Grayson: i'm just going to think like
Phil Grayson: like i'm giving you a cupcake like That's all. I'm going to think as we walk through here. And hopefully, it's just cupcakes coming through the knives, and not more knives or something, I think, before we open the door I'm gonna listen really, carefully, Do we? Is there anything in motion behind it, or anything at all.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, make a perception check.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
You
Timothy Sackton: So listening against the door on this floor, are you here?
Timothy Sackton: Let's see
Timothy Sackton: uh you. I mean you do here
Timothy Sackton: like the sound of somebody
Timothy Sackton: breathing like you hear like It's not not Nobody's like moving. It's not like the super like there's activity. It's like somebody sitting and reading. But there's like, you know,
Timothy Sackton: or sitting and doing something quiet. But you can hear that like read. There's the occasion like that sort of low cost um
Rev. David (he/him): i'll, I'll relax somebody in the other room telepathically.
Rev. David (he/him): Can we bypass this, or is the only way up to go through?
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: the only so the There's the stairs, alternate sides of the tower on each floor. So you have to go through this
Timothy Sackton: this room to get to the side to go up unless you want to
Timothy Sackton: try and like, go up
Rev. David (he/him): the outside or something like that. Why did we not do that at the beginning? You just like fly at the top of this thing.
Phil Grayson: Hmm. Okay, never mind, but we can leave It's just one like All we've done is gone in the lobby.
Rev. David (he/him): What if this is master, or in like sitting right in there, I think we should knock. I'm gonna knock on the door.
John Leeker: Let's at least okay.
Rev. David (he/him): Let's at least think tactically about this. How we're going to place yourselves in front of this door. So, al much of like years of soul training. It's like Ah! After knocking, Webe starts backing up steadily.
Timothy Sackton: Uh
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: there's There's a caught There's like a a a startled down like cough from the other side, and
Timothy Sackton: like muttering like, No, it can't be. It can't be.
Timothy Sackton: Who is it? Who is it?
John Leeker: Real people, not mirror beings? We were sent by? What's her name?
Phil Grayson: Very convincing.
Rev. David (he/him): Surely mirror beings would be more competent than this.
Ah,
yeah, Right
Timothy Sackton: like this. You hear the sound of a chair scooting back and like somebody backing away, the footsteps backing away from the door.
Rev. David (he/him): From who who are you, though?
Timothy Sackton: Another. You hear the sign of another door shutting.
Rev. David (he/him): That's so rude.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: This is so. This floor is divided into like half of it is sort of like a a
Timothy Sackton: kitchens. Um, there's a there's a dumb waiter that goes down to a shoot to the like dining audience chamber before below. Um!
Timothy Sackton: There is,
Timothy Sackton: uh,
Timothy Sackton: like a a big hearth.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing is no fire is lit.
Timothy Sackton: There's a small table with a chair that's been recently knocked over.
Timothy Sackton: There's a and then there's a like what looks like the servants quarters like a bed chamber in the door to that.
Timothy Sackton: Why, you
Timothy Sackton: You just know from the sign of description that there's bed chambers, the door there is shut, and then across the way. There's stairs that continue up um. The The sort of kitchen hearth area is a scene of like complete disarray. There's um
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: there's actually very little in what in the sort of what you would think of as like normal kitchens right There's There's food there's, you know. There's uh
Timothy Sackton: a barrel of flat. There's like barrels of flower and and
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: ah dried dried meat,
Timothy Sackton: potatoes like
Timothy Sackton: there's like clearly food, but there's no knives. There's no plates. There's no like utensils. There's
Timothy Sackton: like everything's been
Timothy Sackton: scuffed. Everything like nobody cleans anything here like There's barrels of
Timothy Sackton: what look like barrels of water, but they're like,
Timothy Sackton: you know. The lids are closed, and there's and they're like stuff is stacked on top of them like there's a pile of
um,
Timothy Sackton: you know, just just like
Timothy Sackton: bricks or was stone. I guess it would be stone, not bricks kind of stacked on top of this barrow. Um, and there's no there's a water skin, but there's no open containers anywhere. Um! And it seems like ah,
Timothy Sackton: like everything is just very haphazard in in here.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody is like straightening up or keeping it need, and somebody is clearly like
Timothy Sackton: I don't know, toss stuff out the window or melted it down, or who knows but this is not stocked the way that I
Timothy Sackton: hearth and kitchen would be stocked,
John Leeker: and
John Leeker: could we tell by the volume of the voice if the person was previously here, and ran in right out of the way.
John Leeker: Um,
Timothy Sackton: I I mean that there's a chair knocked over, and you heard a chair scuffing back so your inference would be. They had been sitting at the table and ran to the bedroom with the closed door.
Rev. David (he/him): Alright, Well, it's we'll go over to the bedroom and
Rev. David (he/him): knock again,
Phil Grayson: steward. Oh, steward,
Timothy Sackton: we're we're here to rescue back foul creatures!
Rev. David (he/him): Do the mirror people talk,
Timothy Sackton: don't, try and check me.
Phil Grayson: I'm on to you. We broke the broken window monsters out front. You can just leave if you want.
Rev. David (he/him): No, I mean that kind of sounds like a thing a mirror creature would say Right?
Timothy Sackton: I say no, that doesn't sound like a thing of me.
Phil Grayson: I was. I got a zero, but I was also talking so I am going to. Oh, sorry! Go ahead. Can I do an intimidation role.
Timothy Sackton: Well say what you're doing, and i'll tell you what role you're getting.
John Leeker: Okay.
John Leeker: You don't get out of there.
John Leeker: We're going. I'm going to pour some nice reflective water under the doors,
John Leeker: the door into your room
that
Timothy Sackton: what? Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: go ahead and and roll into vision
Timothy Sackton: restorations. It wasn't bad uh it.
Timothy Sackton: Keep Keep him away.
Rev. David (he/him): I lovely Stomp walking away so he knows i'm not at the door. Get out of here, water, man! Don't be mean like that?
Timothy Sackton: Um the door like slowly creeks open, and you see this um
Timothy Sackton: like middle-aged man, you know, wearing sort of plain um like a plain black tunic and and leggings um like
Timothy Sackton: unshaven, unkempt hair like looks like he Hasn't
Timothy Sackton: smells like he hasn't fathed in a month.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you know, like
Timothy Sackton: sort of brown brownish dark brown hair, but it's like just completely wild. It's got like a bushy beard that's out of control um,
Timothy Sackton: and kind of wide-eyed and and
Timothy Sackton: uh,
Timothy Sackton: exhausted, looking like bags under his eyes. Um peaks out from the door. Um sees, sees you, and and and immediately like points at the shiniest object which is scholarship is like.
Timothy Sackton: Get it out! Get it out!
Phil Grayson: I mean It's fine man, and I like. Hold it up to my face, and nothing happens.
Timothy Sackton: What are you? What are you doing here?
Rev. David (he/him): We're cheer, rescue, Master Arm, and anyone else. I mean you.
Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: I I I don't. I don't believe it
Timothy Sackton: really.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): So and so sent us what happened? Yeah, What What happened here
Timothy Sackton: after
Timothy Sackton: master vanished and
Timothy Sackton: Asana fled.
Timothy Sackton: But they came out of the mirrors.
They
Timothy Sackton: I didn't know what
Timothy Sackton: to think at first that
Timothy Sackton: he looked like me,
Timothy Sackton: and he said he would help you.
Timothy Sackton: He was friendly, and
Timothy Sackton: but he
Timothy Sackton: trying to.
Timothy Sackton: He tried to
Timothy Sackton: take my my body and send me into the mirrors.
Rev. David (he/him): How do we know that you're really you and not the mirror? You
Phil Grayson: hold up, you
Phil Grayson: holds up his left hand.
Only the real you would know.
Timothy Sackton: I um
Timothy Sackton: um!
Timothy Sackton: Ah! I ask him to write his name in in the dust on the table and see if he writes it forward or back. He, he! He writes it, he writes it normally. Um! His name is Giles. He says some. My,
Timothy Sackton: my, my my favorite fish is um is is is tuna.
Timothy Sackton: I i'm the only one who would know that I am.
John Leeker: I think, fancy fish is the only right answer.
Rev. David (he/him): You're the only one who would know. Your favorite fish is tuna.
Rev. David (he/him): My favorite fish is fancy.
Timothy Sackton: I I I I I guess I I guess Aaron knew that, and and and some of the fishermen.
Rev. David (he/him): No, um,
Rev. David (he/him): you know. Seriousness the ha! How did you? How did you get rid of the mirror version of you. Where are they now?
Timothy Sackton: I I
Timothy Sackton: broke the mirrors
Timothy Sackton: through them out
Timothy Sackton: to them, out the window. And
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, Yeah, yeah,
Rev. David (he/him): we ground them into dust.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah.
Phil Grayson: Well, so maybe our bad luck is actually his. He broke up. In the first place, we just
Phil Grayson: smash the broken.
Phil Grayson: That's something I've always wondered about like a small piece of a mirror is still a mirror. But
John Leeker: but wait, they weren't near. There were windows, so We're fine
Phil Grayson: they were, I think He He smashed the mirrors and threw them out the windows. Oh, yeah,
Rev. David (he/him): yeah, I think it's only a mirror. If it has a frame
Timothy Sackton: interesting. Our end was was is,
Timothy Sackton: if he's still alive,
Timothy Sackton: obsessed with mirrors lately,
Timothy Sackton: then
Timothy Sackton: trying to
Timothy Sackton: make magic mirrors and and find this mirror realm and
Timothy Sackton: lots of mirrors I had to break.
Phil Grayson: This is reflecting pool still up there.
Timothy Sackton: He didn't go to the workshop.
Timothy Sackton: I couldn't
Timothy Sackton: to scare too scared,
Phil Grayson: and you don't know what's up there.
Phil Grayson: Your buddy.
Phil Grayson: Had he come out of the mirror already, or you were just chatting with him
Phil Grayson: on either side?
Timothy Sackton: He he reached out
Timothy Sackton: and he grabbed me,
Timothy Sackton: and I
Timothy Sackton: I could feel him him trying to
Timothy Sackton: grab hold of my mind, and I didn't know what else to do. I smashed my the mirror,
Timothy Sackton: and he
Timothy Sackton: vanished
Timothy Sackton: into a thousand shards, and I
Timothy Sackton: caught it all outside as quickly as they could,
Timothy Sackton: and went around,
Timothy Sackton: making sure there were no more mirrors.
Timothy Sackton: I have this.
Timothy Sackton: This is
Timothy Sackton: how could I leave that? How could I?
Timothy Sackton: I I don't know
Timothy Sackton: I have been
Timothy Sackton: Hi! Name
Timothy Sackton: for how long? What if there's still shards of the mirrors and the grass outside?
Timothy Sackton: It's been a month now
Timothy Sackton: since master left,
John Leeker: If you would like, you can wait outside the
John Leeker: who destroyed
John Leeker: every reflective monster thing we see we saw
Timothy Sackton: It's it.
Timothy Sackton: Is it safe,
Timothy Sackton: you sure
John Leeker: safer than it really is a swim?
Rev. David (he/him): I I mean Yes, we think it's safe. But it it I don't know if you may want to wait here till we are back on our way out again,
Phil Grayson: and I mean we didn't check the ocean.
Phil Grayson: It It has a reflection, is it only this house
Timothy Sackton: I didn't. I didn't
Timothy Sackton: think of that. We can never leave.
Timothy Sackton: We're trapped on this island forever. We didn't get attack coming in, though,
if you came,
Phil Grayson: and the the ocean is far enough away. Yeah,
Phil Grayson: the mirrors that we attacked Didn't um
Phil Grayson: didn't like
Phil Grayson: have little us inside them trying to get out. As far as I could tell,
John Leeker: they were just blind us. They were angry.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: maybe maybe it's
Timothy Sackton: It's just this house.
Rev. David (he/him): So anyone left alive here besides you.
Timothy Sackton: Rosanna fled A.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know it was just three of us
Rev. David (he/him): um, and you don't know what happened. Tar!
Timothy Sackton: He. He was upstairs
Timothy Sackton: in his workshop.
Timothy Sackton: Um some ritual. I
Timothy Sackton: prepared chalk and
Timothy Sackton: powdered silver, and
Timothy Sackton: why, and then
Timothy Sackton: took him up
Timothy Sackton: something,
Timothy Sackton: some magic he was doing.
Timothy Sackton: And then
Timothy Sackton: Rosena told me to run. Something bad had happened.
Timothy Sackton: Um, I wouldn't leave. I I
Timothy Sackton: didn't want to abandon our
Timothy Sackton: or the Tower.
Timothy Sackton: Been my home for fifteen fifteen years now.
Timothy Sackton: It has only been here for two
Rev. David (he/him): until
Timothy Sackton: my reflection tried to
Timothy Sackton: possess me
Timothy Sackton: then. I wish I had fled,
Timothy Sackton: but it felt like it was too late.
John Leeker: Were you the one that creased up all the reflective metal
John Leeker: on the first four
Timothy Sackton: chandelier was too heavy to move,
Timothy Sackton: so I could do
Timothy Sackton: make some
Timothy Sackton: with some oil, and
John Leeker: smeared it on everything I could have you done that to the four above us
Timothy Sackton: again.
Timothy Sackton: Didn't want to intrude on
Timothy Sackton: on the same as our orange bed chambers. I
Timothy Sackton: I just I just barred the door.
Timothy Sackton: I haven't been upstairs.
John Leeker: You're free to go, or for you to stay. I think we have to keep going up.
Rev. David (he/him): If you want to stay, we'll get you on the way back down. If we're not dead,
Timothy Sackton: I will.
Timothy Sackton: I've been safe here for the past month.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think I I will plead until I know
Timothy Sackton: and foreign survived, and
Timothy Sackton: you can rescue him.
Timothy Sackton: I will be well, I am sure.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I won't. Stay here where I've been safe.
Very good.
Rev. David (he/him): Is there anything else we should know about what's waiting for us up there?
Timothy Sackton: Don't?
Timothy Sackton: Don't Let the things that come from the mirrors touch you,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: are in,
Timothy Sackton: had many notes in his study
Timothy Sackton: on the fourth floor. I I I
Timothy Sackton: I have no reason to believe they aren't still there.
Phil Grayson: What? Uh, What's something that only Aaron would know
Rev. David (he/him): Mhm
Phil Grayson: something maybe, about you, not in his notes.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, well, um!
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: When we
Timothy Sackton: and we
Timothy Sackton: haven't thought about this in a long time
Timothy Sackton: when we first came East
Timothy Sackton: traveling on a a Hassling ship,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: the only time I have ever heard him sing
Timothy Sackton: our end.
Timothy Sackton: He was a
Timothy Sackton: fascinated by
Okay,
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't
Timothy Sackton: he doesn't normally like people.
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: on that ship
Timothy Sackton: he's saying,
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: what was the song?
Timothy Sackton: The lost Lads of Tollen?
Timothy Sackton: I had a beautiful voice
Timothy Sackton: never hurt him before or since.
Timothy Sackton: Something about the company of that
Timothy Sackton: in there,
Timothy Sackton: halfway
Timothy Sackton: everybody was
Timothy Sackton: telling stories and laughing, and
Timothy Sackton: never seen him join in before,
John Leeker: but
Timothy Sackton: his favorite song,
Timothy Sackton: which i'm sure nobody knows.
Timothy Sackton: The last lads of to
John Leeker: that's good to know
John Leeker: we're going to tell you our favorite fish. So you know, if it's us walking down.
Rev. David (he/him): I like that. Let's see. Fancy grilled Fancy
Phil Grayson: i'm a butter poached. Fancy man myself.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Rev. David (he/him): whoa was armed by trade. He's a wizard.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yes,
Timothy Sackton: very, very powerful wizard,
Rev. David (he/him): powerful, but friendly.
Rev. David (he/him): It's been kind to me.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, um!
Timothy Sackton: He has always
Timothy Sackton: sought to just
Timothy Sackton: be left alone in peace
Timothy Sackton: to understand the oddities of this world,
Timothy Sackton: never see power or money, or
John Leeker: is there any sort of irb process he uses for his experiments.
Timothy Sackton: I our B.
Timothy Sackton: Is that A. Is that a university thing? He He tells me stories he told stories of the University of Toland is
Timothy Sackton: to
Timothy Sackton: too many people.
Timothy Sackton: It's hard to
Timothy Sackton: to really
Timothy Sackton: get at that
Timothy Sackton: meaning of
Timothy Sackton: the multiverse
Timothy Sackton: in that crowded environment with everybody
Timothy Sackton: worrying about whether you were going to destroy the city or not, he says,
Timothy Sackton: needed to go somewhere more isolated.
John Leeker: Well, that's
John Leeker: concerning.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, he was not wrong.
Rev. David (he/him): I think we should head up.
John Leeker: Yes,
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: Giles
Timothy Sackton: bids you a nervous farewell, and
Timothy Sackton: blocks himself in his room.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: And you head up the stairs. The The the door at the top is barred from this side with like just like a chair sort of wedged up against the door, which is easy to remove.
Timothy Sackton: Um, and according and based on your notes, and what Gyle said, and whatever we also said. The third floor was um
Timothy Sackton: Vicente's chambers was the apprentices chambers,
Timothy Sackton: and the fourth floor is orange chambers and study, and then the fifth floor is the workshop,
Phil Grayson: was there.
Phil Grayson: Hmm.
Phil Grayson: I'm. Just wondering like moving forward if there were things in the kitchen that we could use to easily cover mirrors, or if it would be easier to just like,
Phil Grayson: pull them off the wall and face them down on the ground. If we encounter things that haven't been smashed already.
Um,
Timothy Sackton: I mean,
Timothy Sackton: there is not
Timothy Sackton: There's like, Yeah, there's like some tablecloths and things right. There's like a tapestry There's there's definitely cloth you could
Timothy Sackton: find. There's also plenty of
Timothy Sackton: stood from the hearth that yeah files had used, mixed with like oil to to form like a dark.
Phil Grayson: That was more to like the metal. I don't know if smearing that across the mirror would be very
Phil Grayson: okay. Yeah, I'll. I'll grab a tablecloth or two, in case there's something really big and shiny that's going to be a an immediate threat.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Rev. David (he/him): We could also try
Rev. David (he/him): skipping our way directly to the workshop floor.
Rev. David (he/him): There's no windows at the workshop, for
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, i'll ask them guys, is there There's not like a Is there a There must be a roof exit or something right
Timothy Sackton: there there is. Yeah
Rev. David (he/him): from
Rev. David (he/him): I mean, we could try going up and coming down.
Phil Grayson: Yeah,
Rev. David (he/him): what do you think
Rev. David (he/him): or just move systematically.
Phil Grayson: Well, we know where he disappeared.
Phil Grayson: We know that there's a bunch of shit in between here and there that we're going to have to deal with, and that really it only exists when we're in that space. So that's what i'm thinking it's only a threat if we're there so we can. If we can get past some of it without having to get past it. Then
Phil Grayson: why us up?
Rev. David (he/him): Well, I mean when you say price up uh uh, let's see.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, but I don't think we could carry either of you. I can probably climb up How? What's the wall like?
Rev. David (he/him): I bet I could touch a rope down from the top. Once I get there it's It's not a
Timothy Sackton: like, I said. The out. The inside is
Timothy Sackton: especially the first one is quite elegant, but it's a very plain stone tower from the outside. It's not like, you know, smooth marble, or anything. It's like rough so stone blocks like it's like a castle tower. It certainly is climbable. Yeah,
Phil Grayson: and where the rope is especially
John Leeker: to a plus eight.
Rev. David (he/him): All right, well let's go out. I'll activate the wings, flap to the top and drop a rope down.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, uh both of you make athletics checks with advantage.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, no, No problem, either. One of you.
Timothy Sackton: This
John Leeker: Wait um before you drop the route. Can you like
John Leeker: fire around
John Leeker: checking for reflective surfaces?
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, like A.
John Leeker: And actually, maybe you could bring the um
John Leeker: the cloth
Rev. David (he/him): to throw on anything if we need to.
Timothy Sackton: So the the roof is
Timothy Sackton: uh, so it this
Timothy Sackton: it it it's like um ah! Like the top of like a cast of tower. Right? It's like um. A sort of is basically just a big, flat, open roof with a wall that comes up a little bit, and has like crenulations. Um,
Timothy Sackton: it doesn't it doesn't look like It's actually used for much like there's not much up here. There's a trap door that leads down
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: uh in, you know, presumably to the workshop. There is the only thing that's up here is a telescope,
Timothy Sackton: a fairly nice fancy looking telescope. Actually
Timothy Sackton: um, and it and it's
Timothy Sackton: it's nicely packed away like wrapped in in like seal clock with a tripod um that it can, you know. Rest on um
Timothy Sackton: not like set up or anything. So it seems like this is mostly like, you know,
Timothy Sackton: looking at stars occasionally, or,
Timothy Sackton: you know, watching the see for for people coming and going. It's not. There's not a lot
Timothy Sackton: up here.
Rev. David (he/him): Alright, i'll leave that all packed. Then.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you all climb up. You're at the top.
Rev. David (he/him): Uh, let's open this trap door.
Timothy Sackton: I was questioning the chapter.
John Leeker: Um!
Phil Grayson: This is a long shot, but none of you have, like a post, a portion of invisibility or something right
Phil Grayson: that'd be like super broken.
Rev. David (he/him): Mhm
Rev. David (he/him): No,
Phil Grayson: I don't think I actually give myself any protein, so i'm going to assume I don't have one of those, but
John Leeker: I can. I can open it.
John Leeker: I
John Leeker: move over okay, with defensive crowd, foot by sealed, and I slowly,
John Leeker: quietly, delicately, open up the door.
Timothy Sackton: It's heavy.
Timothy Sackton: It takes like most of your strength to lift it up.
Um!
Timothy Sackton: And it sort of
Timothy Sackton: brash is open after it gets past the like leverage point where it where it swings all the way open. And now and there's light now shining down
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: and it actually appears that the other thing this
Timothy Sackton: Ruth was used for was was light, because you see now that there's like a crystal
Timothy Sackton: Um, that's a range so that the sunlight coming down from this open trap door will catch. It seems definitely magical in some way, and it's just shining this brilliant light onto a workshop,
Timothy Sackton: which is not. Only is there a pool of silver in the middle that is highly reflective. But there is
Timothy Sackton: about
Timothy Sackton: twelve mirrors all around
Timothy Sackton: the walls that are just shining with this reflected light. Shit um the blanket, the blanket. Yeah, like. Cover up the the where the door is, because it's probably too heavy to shut quickly.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, We put the bike it over so we can at least think a bit.
John Leeker: Um,
John Leeker: It's a fucking Crystal Palace down there.
John Leeker: What if uh we wait tonight fall.
Phil Grayson: What did we decide on the night vision or the dark vision?
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: it would if you can see them if you, The mirror is within range of your dark fission, you will cast a reflection in it.
Timothy Sackton: But if you're further away, then you don't cast a reflection from a dis. It's like a cone extending out. Yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): So with my with my bow I can create
Rev. David (he/him): um
Rev. David (he/him): like a thick smoke that could fill most or all of the room,
Rev. David (he/him): but we wouldn't be able to see anything, but it would probably block the reflections at least. And look at the details on that.
John Leeker: Do we have any like um
John Leeker: bombs or explosives we could throw down there to shatter the mirrors.
Phil Grayson: Do
Phil Grayson: Do we want to like if
Phil Grayson: if he went in there
Rev. David (he/him): right, It's like we need to go in there.
Phil Grayson: Do we need to go in there, or do we need to? Uh
Phil Grayson: pull him out like
Phil Grayson: man? It'd be good if one of us new magic,
Rev. David (he/him): how can we, from where we're standing on the roof? Can we like toss a rope into the reflecting pool?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yeah, you could,
Rev. David (he/him): because I the thing I wondered like we could fill the room with smoke around, smash all the mirrors, cover the reflecting pool. But then, what if we discover, like in the notes
Rev. David (he/him): that it's like absolutely don't smash the mirrors. They're my only way back again, like, Yeah,
John Leeker: um, We could do the smoke and gently turn the mirrors backwards where they're just facing the wall.
Phil Grayson: Are they? Are they sizable enough that a move like that is challenging.
Timothy Sackton: It's fairly substantial.
Timothy Sackton: How many are there?
Timothy Sackton: And are they movable? There's twelve mirrors. You can't really easily tell if they're movable. They're mounted on the wall in like a circle like one at each position of the clock ends going around
Timothy Sackton: from twelve to
Timothy Sackton: there were twelve, but
Timothy Sackton: whether they're how easy they are to detach from the walls.
Timothy Sackton: How heavy they! They're big, so they're probably fairly happy.
Timothy Sackton: That's all hard to judge in the you know, fifteen seconds of bright light that you saw before you covered it up with the
John Leeker: so maybe we could try the
John Leeker: rope trick. We can move the cloth just enough.
John Leeker: Move the rope down
John Leeker: and see what happens.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah,
Phil Grayson: you see, and he's like he's scratching his face up like he's thinking really hard that that's like abnormal for him. And he says,
Phil Grayson: What if I just like?
What if I just close my eyes and go in there,
Phil Grayson: and you all just like, Tell me where the notes are,
Phil Grayson: and I just get them, and then come back
Phil Grayson: like
Phil Grayson: if I can't see it, does it? Is it there like? If a tree falls in the woods right? I heard that before.
John Leeker: It's not the worst idea.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah,
John Leeker: I would suggest we like actually blindfold you. So you're not accidentally
John Leeker: blinking, opening your eyes.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, sure, that sounds great. Maybe we could tie a rope to you so we could just like haul you back out again if we need to.
Phil Grayson: Also, Great, This is all great,
Phil Grayson: and if it gets I just get really big, right. Drop a blindfolded shoal into the room of mirrors. Is that your plan?
Oh,
John Leeker: also would well be be more useful because we could more easily raise him lower him.
John Leeker: Yeah, we got a lot of strength on our side. We could swing him across the room like he's in a musical.
Rev. David (he/him): What if the mirrors only apply to
Rev. David (he/him): humanoids? We should see if they apply to other things
because I could beasts
Rev. David (he/him): fence my way in like with the squirrel right? And if squirrels don't get sucked into the mirrors, it could be a way to explore the room safely.
Rev. David (he/him): And the worst case scenario did they get through? I'm not sure if I can,
John Leeker: it, did you? Yeah, we heard you're gonna like work into a squirrel. And the worst case scenario is, we have two squirrels.
Phil Grayson: Yeah,
Phil Grayson: yeah, that's a That's a better idea. Let's put a squirrel on a rope.
Phil Grayson: Let's do it.
John Leeker: I I assume there's bugs and mice and rats.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean, there's there's plenty of yeah, there's plenty of life on this island. It's a fairly,
Timothy Sackton: but there could be some rats scrolling around like
John Leeker: it would be. Uh, wait, wait, wait! What do you walk into an animal? Do you have some sense of that animal like it's memories. It's past it's colleges,
John Leeker: or is it a toddler rasa for you?
Rev. David (he/him): Uh!
Rev. David (he/him): I can talk with it to ask for those things, but I don't have access to its knowledge. I only see through its site and other census.
John Leeker: You make a small puddle of water. You can see if you can walk into the the the other the the mirrored animal.
John Leeker: It's safe. It's small. It's controlled.
John Leeker: Yeah, I think I can only do that once a day, though, so
John Leeker: I say, you find your. We find that yourself a friendly rap or something, and we can
Rev. David (he/him): Let's do that
Phil Grayson: uh one, one downside to this plan. The rats not going to be able to bring the papers back to us.
Phil Grayson: Are there any monkeys on this island
Rev. David (he/him): records?
Timothy Sackton: You might be able to track down a raccoon. Um, I mean, there's seagulls There's
Timothy Sackton: uh yeah, this is sort of like a northern temperate.
Timothy Sackton: There's no monkeys. Um. There's No, there's actually no squirrels, But there are
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: There are raccoons. There are rats.
Timothy Sackton: Make it. Make a survival check and see what you can. You can scare up.
Rev. David (he/him): Hmm. Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Um, Yeah, There's I mean,
Timothy Sackton: you do like Spend a minute kind of scouting around and and you do find a
Timothy Sackton: raccoon. But that's the most dexterous animal you're able to
Timothy Sackton: track down.
Rev. David (he/him): Awesome. I will, I will, I will
Rev. David (he/him): negotiate with this raccoon.
Timothy Sackton: It's it's pretty amenable to food based Bribery so.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: and it's a fairly curious creature. It's perfectly happy to do this. You don't have to all as long as you give it.
Timothy Sackton: You know some nice food.
Rev. David (he/him): We're only the fanciest of fish, but it's only the fancy fish for this right here.
Rev. David (he/him): Uh yeah, Okay. So i'll fly the track back up to the top of the tower,
Rev. David (he/him): I think, but I still think we should tie a little rope around this
Rev. David (he/him): in case we got to pull. You know the extraction and and send it in, and i'll be sense into it.
Rev. David (he/him): Um the durations and hours. So I think we've got plenty of time to
Rev. David (he/him): try out different things or retrieve books or papers, or Yeah.
Phil Grayson: Um. One additional thought is, you said, worst case scenario. We have two squirrels. I think worst case scenario is, we have thirteen raccoons, or the the tunnel of Records.
Phil Grayson: Given the mere placement, it might be like a
Phil Grayson: we. We might be fighting a hundred ducksized horses for
Rev. David (he/him): right? Okay, let's do it.
Timothy Sackton: So you
Timothy Sackton: be sense into the raccoon as it is slowly lowered down into this circular room of mirrors.
Timothy Sackton: Uh the raccoon. Um,
Timothy Sackton: you you have to like. Get the rope swinging a little bit, so it doesn't land in this reflective pool, and it sort of jumps down and scurries around in, and immediately you can see, like around everywhere. There are
Timothy Sackton: reflections upon reflections of raccoons,
Timothy Sackton: like the sort of tunnel effect like, you know, infinite raccoons reflected.
Timothy Sackton: Then you start to scurry around like heading for the door,
Timothy Sackton: and you hear behind you like creeping out of this
Timothy Sackton: um of this pool in the middle. There's like a silverly reflective raccoon
Timothy Sackton: that as it emerges from the pool Begins to solidify into
Timothy Sackton: a second raccoon and start to like chase after you.
Timothy Sackton: Uh-huh!
Timothy Sackton: As you head down the stairs.
Timothy Sackton: Um
Timothy Sackton: the raccoon the like silvery mirror record and solidifies. And now there's two identical raccoons and it tries to grab
Timothy Sackton: the t your tail as your as you're heading down the the stairs, and it it gets a hold of it and you and
Timothy Sackton: you as bee-stenced, well be into the raccoon. Fill this like cold
Timothy Sackton: uh chill. Run up your back and they're aku, and like sh shakes its tail and
um
Timothy Sackton: the creature sort of
Timothy Sackton: um scatters
Timothy Sackton: uh sort of dissolves almost into water.
Timothy Sackton: Another one starts to starts to emerge from the closest mirror as you run down the stairs
Timothy Sackton: runs after you,
Timothy Sackton: so there's now a second raccoon chasing you.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you come down the stairs into a
Timothy Sackton: again. Another understated but ornate room. This is combination bedroom study. You can see
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: There's like a four post or bed
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: neatly made. Seems to have been untouched for a long time.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: there's like a small bookshelf that has maybe twenty twenty-five books on it, not a huge library,
Timothy Sackton: but there is a a desk with papers strewn all over them like notes drawn like you see, there's like magic circles indicated. There's like ruins being notated um
Timothy Sackton: like lists of components for something um designs being drawn like,
Timothy Sackton: and there's one one book. There's two books that are open on the desk
Timothy Sackton: that have sort of marginal annotations.
Timothy Sackton: Um
Timothy Sackton: that that Aaron's been
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: presumably Aaron's been making um
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: second raccoon the silver raccoon.
Timothy Sackton: Huh? Okay. Leaps at you again, and you feel another cold chill. Run up your spine. But again the raccoon
Timothy Sackton: as well be shakes it off.
Timothy Sackton: Um Looking around, I mean. There's definitely reflective surfaces in this room, right? There's a silver water picture. There's a mirror on the wall. Um! Like a just a a
Timothy Sackton: freestanding. It's not actually mounted on the wall. It's like a free standing
Timothy Sackton: ah mirror with like two two wooden. It's like three wooden panels, and like a triptych where the middle panel is a mirror. Um!
Timothy Sackton: And you can see,
Timothy Sackton: as you sort of scurry. There is now another
Timothy Sackton: raccoon copy emerging from
Timothy Sackton: that mirror, and the sense you get is each.
Timothy Sackton: Each copy is like making
Timothy Sackton: it's one attempt at you,
Timothy Sackton: but any reflective surface can generate another copy. So eventually one of these mirror raccoons is going to do whatever it's trying to do.
Rev. David (he/him): All right, team. I think we do a couple of things We could try and have this raccoon read, or I could try and read the notes through the raccoon's eyes to see if that's useful,
Rev. David (he/him): we could have it try and like, knock over all the mirrors in the room
Rev. David (he/him): um to kind of clear a path. If we were going to come up from below,
Rev. David (he/him): or we could try dipping the raccoon, we could haul it back up by the rope and try lowering it down into the pool to see what we could see on the other side of that. What possibly would I?
John Leeker: What is just a raccoon?
Rev. David (he/him): It is a raccoon who is
Rev. David (he/him): given its life into my hands. I can't. I can't. Would it send it to its death? We could lower you into the pool,
John Leeker: could we? Um,
John Leeker: Okay, and all these tracoons are coming out of the Silver Pool, every single one.
Timothy Sackton: No one came out of the Silver Pool. One came out of the mirror. The third one is coming out of the the standing mirror in our study.
John Leeker: I don't know magic is this: like an infinite resource or a finite resource.
Timothy Sackton: I mean,
John Leeker: it's hard. You have no idea. Maybe the notes say something. I say, try to read the notes. Then all right,
John Leeker: vision they do.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, That's good vision.
Rev. David (he/him): Bye,
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah,
Rev. David (he/him): what we got
Timothy Sackton: uh. So you start to read the notes.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: third mirror. Raccoon jumps at you, and again you feel a chill, but shake it off, Man it it's raccoon is like making, save after, save
Timothy Sackton: so it's going to take some time to to read all the notes. Um, you see another raccoon starting to emerge from the silver water picture.
Timothy Sackton: Um
Timothy Sackton: the just like, really, briefly glancing um. One of the books is is uh written in some language you
Timothy Sackton: you do not understand. I'll double Jack. But,
uh,
Timothy Sackton: ah, yeah, One of them is written in it some, and it looks. This book looks incredibly old.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: marginalia that that has been
Timothy Sackton: written, though in Aaron's hand, as in Samar, in which you you do read,
Timothy Sackton: and it seems to be indicating that, like he thinks this is the one This, like super ancient book, is
Timothy Sackton: what he's been searching for, and has the clues to the mirror realm.
Timothy Sackton: The notes are organized into,
Timothy Sackton: roughly speaking, three piles. One is um,
Timothy Sackton: one is opening and closing portals.
Timothy Sackton: One is uh
Timothy Sackton: one is like it's like it. It looks like it's drawings about like magic circles, and your sort of inferences like containing the mirror creatures.
Timothy Sackton: And the other is Um,
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: it it It looks like a list of contingency plans. You think you have a chance to glance at one of these three before
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: silver pitcher. Raccoon jumps on you
Rev. David (he/him): um! Which didn't we should go for you.
John Leeker: Raccoon's choice
Rev. David (he/him): uh. So then we get an opening, closing circles over the second two
Timothy Sackton: opening and closing circles, or sorry, like chopping mirror creatures opening and closing portals and like Ah,
Rev. David (he/him): contingency plans like what to do. If things go wrong.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you begin. You begin glancing at them, and it seems it seems to be.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so you so you sort of like gather them up, and and you know you're quickly flipping through them as this
Timothy Sackton: mirror raccoon is stalking towards you. Um! It takes it a little while to emerge from the silver picture because it's a distorted surface to like
Timothy Sackton: a paw comes out of the pause like three times as long as it should kind of snaps back.
Timothy Sackton: Um.
Timothy Sackton: So so what this is describing is
Timothy Sackton: the so so two
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: two main points that you get one is, when is you get the sense? That
Timothy Sackton: part of the reason why Arne is is concerned is that
Timothy Sackton: he is not actually sure whether or not
Timothy Sackton: magic works in the mirror realm.
Timothy Sackton: So he is slightly
Timothy Sackton: nervous about being trapped there, and That's why he's prepared this contingency and the
Timothy Sackton: uh his. The notes that you get the sense that you get is that
Timothy Sackton: these mirror entities that that emerge from the mirror realm, or that are in the mirror realm. Ah!
Timothy Sackton: If you are in the mirror realm,
Timothy Sackton: then you have some reflection which may also be in the mirror realm, or maybe wandering around outside the mirror realm. And you and there's a balance. So, as long as your reflection exists you cannot leave
Timothy Sackton: right.
Timothy Sackton: If if you're in the real world, your reflection is trapped in the mirror realm. If you're in the mirror, if you're a reflection,
Timothy Sackton: if you're in the mirror realm you can't leave unless your reflection is destroyed,
Timothy Sackton: whether it's in this realm or the mirror realm. So there's like a symmetry right? The mirror realm is
Timothy Sackton: Ah reflects, is a is a distorted reflection of everything. But to leave the mirror realm. You have to destroy your reflection somehow,
Rev. David (he/him): and we didn't we haven't seen any wizard reflections right?
Timothy Sackton: It's possible that him and his reflection are both trapped in the mirror realm.
John Leeker: Hmm.
Rev. David (he/him): I think we should send the raccoon in to check.
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: As you
Timothy Sackton: as you finish reading these notes, the silvery, the mirror raccoon jumps on your back,
Timothy Sackton: and you feel
Timothy Sackton: this wrenching pole,
Timothy Sackton: and you find yourself,
Timothy Sackton: and uh
Timothy Sackton: ah,
Timothy Sackton: it's! It's almost an echo of this room, except every surface is reflection.
Timothy Sackton: There's like a few. The only like clear space is the standing wall mirror and the silver water picture, and everything else is just so. It's basically like infinite quarters everywhere. The entire surface of the room is reflective.
Timothy Sackton: Except for these two things that are mirrors here that are not reflective, and, in fact, seem like they are one-way windows out to the so like you can see as the raccoon through the water pitcher,
Timothy Sackton: this like silvery raccoon that's now taken over your body like gnawing on the rope
Timothy Sackton: and the rope coming undone,
Timothy Sackton: and the two of you upstairs feel the rope go slack.
Timothy Sackton: Well be your consciousness is with the spirit of the now in the mirror realm, Raccoon.
Rev. David (he/him): Is there anything else in the mirror realm any other
Rev. David (he/him): like wizards hanging out there?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, make a um
Timothy Sackton: in a perception check?
Timothy Sackton: I mean, there's no wizards. Obviously, however.
Um,
Timothy Sackton: the bed has been slapped in
Timothy Sackton: the mirror bed has been slept in.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, interest
Timothy Sackton: and um,
Timothy Sackton: yeah, and like, there's other signs of like activity in the mirror realm, like the mirror notes,
Timothy Sackton: are all like
Timothy Sackton: in a different order, although they're all
Timothy Sackton: because they're all like mirrors. You can't really read them.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: Because you just like, see your faith, the writing sort of vanishes into the reflections
Timothy Sackton: Uh, everything is bright and shiny,
Timothy Sackton: but it definitely seems like this
Timothy Sackton: room has been occupied much more recently than the room,
Rev. David (he/him): and can mirror realm raccoon that go up the stairs and look around the rest of the hour.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah.
A clue.
John Leeker: I kind of want to notice the guy we talked to as a reflection.
Timothy Sackton: If we see all of the
Timothy Sackton: sorry go ahead. Well, you're going up the stairs first. Right? Yeah. Mirror Raccoon.
Timothy Sackton: So you go up the stairs and you see. So this room in the mirror realm is actually almost completely dark,
Timothy Sackton: like the There's a big sort of black pool in the middle, and then, like
Timothy Sackton: twelve windows that look out
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: set within reflective walls. So there is still some,
Timothy Sackton: you know. There's still some light bouncing around, but this big pool of darkness in the middle is
um
Timothy Sackton: it? You know, makes it feel much darker and much sort of less
Timothy Sackton: ah,
Timothy Sackton: less bright and and area as the room below. And you can actually see through the pool! You can see the mirror. Raccoon.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, actually no, It's still downstairs. Never mind, you don't see that but you do see
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: a wizard
Timothy Sackton: presumably
Timothy Sackton: a middle-aged man uh young middle age, but with like brown sort of longish brown hair, sort of wavy brown hair, um a beard like salt and pepper beard wearing um elaborate green robes. Um
Timothy Sackton: elegant sort of well cut, well tailored green robes. Um Green eyes
Timothy Sackton: looks
Timothy Sackton: confused at
Timothy Sackton: the raccoon that just appeared.
Timothy Sackton: How did you get in here, little fellow?
Timothy Sackton: Um! Just finally to himself.
Timothy Sackton: You can't talk
Rev. David (he/him): and like I have the raccoon do a very
Rev. David (he/him): non raccoony thing like stand up or like
Timothy Sackton: I mean you're not possessing the rack, I mean you're seeing through its eyes. But you're not um, And you can actually at this point you can no longer communicate with the telepathically Um, you could. You're still like connected to it, but you can't
Timothy Sackton: normally, the way you control animals when you're working into them is by just telling them telepathically what you
Timothy Sackton: um. And now, actually you you feel in. You can still see it, but it's like gone silent
Rev. David (he/him): right because the beast sense extends across planes. But if he doesn't
Timothy Sackton: exactly,
Timothy Sackton: and the the raccoon, like looks scared, and now,
Timothy Sackton: like scurries back down the the steps
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: and starts like heading down.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, for the ground.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: in the in the next
Timothy Sackton: floor below
Timothy Sackton: there's another wizard
Timothy Sackton: exactly the same appearance.
Timothy Sackton: It says,
Timothy Sackton: What are you doing here, little fellow? Idly to himself.
John Leeker: Oh,
John Leeker: awesome! And so in you once saying you can't control the rocoon at all?
Rev. David (he/him): No,
Timothy Sackton: and the raccoon keeps running down
Timothy Sackton: the second floor completely empty. No people, no reflections, nobody.
Rev. David (he/him): It's a success from the steward on, presumably,
Timothy Sackton: and then the raccoon runs out
Timothy Sackton: into this like
Timothy Sackton: like
Timothy Sackton: bright silvery Mirror Island on a dark black sea,
Timothy Sackton: and just kind of looks
Timothy Sackton: bewilderingly around
Timothy Sackton: as
Timothy Sackton: it runs out onto the ground, and then, like
Timothy Sackton: keeps running, and as it's running, almost begins to
Timothy Sackton: ah like
Rev. David (he/him): become decoherent. So once I see that starting to happen before it
Rev. David (he/him): like dissolves too badly. I wanna
Rev. David (he/him): um shoot, Take study, aim, and shoot the mirror rack. Wait a minute.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah. Should the
Rev. David (he/him): a mirror raccoon that's now in our world
Rev. David (he/him): which should make the raccoon trapped in the mirror. Pop back to our world again. Is this how we think it works.
Timothy Sackton: That's how you think it works. But
Timothy Sackton: in order to do that,
Timothy Sackton: you're going to need to uncover the
John Leeker: trap to our we can move it fast. Are you fast, Weldy?
John Leeker: Yeah, we need six six seconds. Okay, because it's open fifteen before, and it didn't like completely implode.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, okay, make a make an attack or with advantage.
Timothy Sackton: The mirror raccoon vanishes in a
puff of
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, that's my second crit.
Rev. David (he/him): But this does not really ever happen that's amazing.
Timothy Sackton: Um vanishes in a puff like a like a almost like a spray of snow,
Timothy Sackton: and as it vanishes
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: the um
Timothy Sackton: other raccoon that you are previously possessing. That was it in the mirror, but was the real raccoon uh
Timothy Sackton: reappears like comes almost almost like It's ejected out of the mirror it comes flying out of the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: The silvery pool.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, no, but not attached to a rope.
Timothy Sackton: No, not attached to a rope.
Rev. David (he/him): Are any of the windows open?
Timothy Sackton: Uh, there's no windows in the top floor.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, it's a raccoon that will Let's drop the remains. I will just tell it like, Grab the rope. We'll haul you out.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yeah, yeah, the rope is right. The rope is still there. It was just not off at the very end. Yeah. So yes, it grabs the rope and you haul it out.
John Leeker: Hmm. How many wizards were there?
Rev. David (he/him): Two wizards, a raccoon saw two wizards.
John Leeker: So, presumably the problem is the reflection and the real wizard are both there, and we need to guess which is the right one, and then
John Leeker: killed. The
Rev. David (he/him): hopefully can do with the song unless the reflection is
Rev. David (he/him): complete.
Right?
John Leeker: What do you mean? Complete.
Rev. David (he/him): Like if the reflection has, if the reflection is just a forum of the real person, it's one thing; but if it has all their thoughts and memories and knowledge and personality. And it doesn't matter which one we kill.
Rev. David (he/him): That's funny.
Phil Grayson: If it has all the thoughts and memories, then it is
Phil Grayson: for all purposes for our our needs. It would be the Wizard. It would be thankful, and give us magical items, and it would get you through the same wild or whatever.
Phil Grayson: So we just got to merk One of these wizards.
John Leeker: Is this me around
John Leeker: like a pocket realm like It's just,
John Leeker: and your icoon experience
John Leeker: God, we really should have brought a magic person with us.
John Leeker: Um, like.
John Leeker: Is there one url
John Leeker: total? There is the me around global or is this just like a a self-contained shard. It seemed like a self-contained If the Raccoon disintegrated
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Possibly if you had read the Guards and wards, notes you might have learned about that. But
John Leeker: I guess we could find another raccoon if we
Rev. David (he/him): and I can only be since once today. Uh I mean, we can come back tomorrow. But yeah, we could just sleep on this Roo for a week while we raccoon a million.
Rev. David (he/him): I think the words going to get around to the other wreck.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
John Leeker: Well, you just for the same recruit every time. If I had a good time.
John Leeker: Um, do we?
John Leeker: So we don't know if we need.
John Leeker: There's two things going on.
John Leeker: There are the mirrors which cause reflections, and cause those reflections that into the realm. And then there's the big pool of liquid that gets you to the mirror?
John Leeker: Can we destroy the side mears, which I think are more defensive, and then just hop in
John Leeker: like our Is this one contained system, where, for the little well to work, it requires All the secondary mirrors are those just a defensive thing, and we can destroy them and still enter the mirror,
John Leeker: because it seems like the liquid generates the reflection. That is the mere self that makes the process work.
Phil Grayson: I think. Just lower me in boys.
Timothy Sackton: The The the pool of liquid in the middle really clearly does seem to be like a portal to the mirror. Yeah. So I say, we could, we should say, what happens if you destroy the mirrors as like, Who knows? Right. You have absolutely no clue. What would happen if you destroyed all the miracles.
Um.
John Leeker: Well, but why does it? The Wizard just kill the other wizard?
John Leeker: He knows which is the real one. Presumably he knows how to get out. Why has he done it,
John Leeker: or does he not know what the real one is him? He's scared of doing it?
John Leeker: Because in this world the reflection
John Leeker: seems to respond negatively to things.
Phil Grayson: Well, maybe maybe if you get touched
John Leeker: you want to stay
Rev. David (he/him): the raccoon. Didn't want to stay,
Phil Grayson: didn't it
Phil Grayson: like it? Didn't
Phil Grayson: it didn't go back out.
Phil Grayson: It was just exploring. It wanted to go outside because it's a raccoon.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, there's no you had no sense. The raccoon was like trying to get
Timothy Sackton: it wasn't when it was going outside. It wasn't like looking for an exit. It's just a raccoon, and it likes to be outside.
Timothy Sackton: You had no sense when they were that it was like trying to return
Timothy Sackton: somewhere.
Phil Grayson: All right. So
Phil Grayson: you're
Phil Grayson: your weapon does more damage to these mere creatures than any of ours.
Yes, because of the ice.
Phil Grayson: So
Phil Grayson: what if?
Phil Grayson: What if we lower you in
Phil Grayson: and
Phil Grayson: pull you back out?
John Leeker: But we don't know. Pulling back out works, you would have to kill my
John Leeker: shadow, which
John Leeker: has a lot of hit points, and it's a lot harder to kill than a raccoon.
Phil Grayson: So the the only way that the raccoon was able to enter the pool is once there was another one.
John Leeker: The only way for her to leave the the the mere realm is to have the reflection destroyed.
Rev. David (he/him): Ah! Hold of the two two rests of entry. Right? One is your reflection comes out of the mirror
Rev. David (he/him): forces you into the mirror realm and takes your place,
Rev. David (he/him): in which case it needs to be destroyed in the real world for you to get back again.
Rev. David (he/him): But I think the Wizard Messern had option number two,
Rev. David (he/him): which seemed like you. Jump into the mirror realm,
Rev. David (he/him): and your mirror image shows up once you're already there,
Rev. David (he/him): and you have to kill it in the mirror realm in order to get back to that again. Or
John Leeker: imagine this. The Wizard wants to enter the mirror, a reflection of the Wizard is created, and that reflection has the exact same motivation which is, get into the mirror
John Leeker: right like.
John Leeker: I hope this isn't like a recursive problem. It was just more and more of him jumping in there, because each one wants to me around, but like
Timothy Sackton: it's these mere I with the raccoon. You did observe there was only ever
Timothy Sackton: there was only ever one mirror image of the raccoon at a time. Okay, it was never like three or four or ten or a million right? There was only ever one at a time.
Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: And it's only when they fail to drag it into the mirror realm that it that they vanished, and a new one appeared so based on deduction. From that
Timothy Sackton: it doesn't seem like there are like infinite reflections. There's the mirror realm, you, and there's the real world, you. But there's not
Timothy Sackton: hundreds of mirror-
Um
John Leeker: Oh, could we
John Leeker: could we make a distorted version of ourself
John Leeker: like the raccoon struggled when the reflection wasn't clear it had malformed arms and stuff,
John Leeker: and we still have the problem. You have to see your own reflection it just took longer to emerge. Uh. Once it emerged, it was perfectly normal. It just took longer. And did the raccoon have the line of sight thing
John Leeker: like was the raccoon sing. It's reflex in those generating that
John Leeker: the second raccoon,
John Leeker: because for humans that have this you have, we are. There has to be a line of site where you see your reflection.
Timothy Sackton: You didn't have to see a reflection. You had to be reflected like if if a tapestry is reflected in the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing happens, or if a cloak is reflected in the mirror, nothing happens. If the back of your head is reflected in the mirror, it can still emerge.
Timothy Sackton: You don't have to be observing the reflection, but it has to be a reflection of you
Mhm.
Timothy Sackton: So So the raccoon wasn't, always looking at the mirror. There was nothing between it in the mirror.
Phil Grayson: If you're worried about
Phil Grayson: a big,
Phil Grayson: heavy, mere version of yourself being able to
Phil Grayson: be killed by us.
Phil Grayson: What if you take your armor off
Phil Grayson: and we cut you until you're nearly dead, and then you go down there.
John Leeker: Sound like one of the worst
John Leeker: ideas.
Phil Grayson: Yeah. And then you only have to like kill one wizard at five. Hp: before you come out of the
John Leeker: Ah,
Rev. David (he/him): I think we have to destroy all the mirrors, because if we don't as soon as we succeed in getting the Wizard out,
Rev. David (he/him): other wizards are just going to pop out and try and pull them back in again. Right? Yeah,
John Leeker: plus. If we destroy all the mirrors,
John Leeker: The absolute worst case scenario is we're all still alive.
John Leeker: Um,
John Leeker: which is a pretty good, absolute worst case scenario.
Phil Grayson: Yeah,
Phil Grayson: If we can't get them out we can't get them out.
Phil Grayson: We know where he is. He's fine.
Phil Grayson: We can make some more mirrors with the right resources, and
Rev. David (he/him): well, let's take a pool,
John Leeker: and we can have his notes.
John Leeker: We'll more easily be able to go down and get the notes.
Phil Grayson: Yeah,
John Leeker: yeah, or we just go back down the stairs. We'd climb out.
John Leeker: Then we just walk up and read the notes.
Phil Grayson: Well, there are going to be mere creatures between us and the notes either way. That's true,
Phil Grayson: but
John Leeker: I say we destroy them here. That's what I vote for. We jump down there. We each take out four meters as fast as humanly possible.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, or we we do the parotechnic arrow first and fill around with smoke. We've got a minute.
Mhm,
John Leeker: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: that's a twenty foot radius. So that would entirely fill the room. The room is like forty feet across. Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: that sounds good. You put it right in the center. The entire room will be heavily obscured by black smoke,
Phil Grayson: but once we've smashed the mirrors. Then there are
Phil Grayson: five hundred mirrors on the floor
Rev. David (he/him): instead of twelve mirrors on the walk. Well, maybe we, instead of smashing, we paint them or otherwise cover them.
Phil Grayson: They're big, Right?
John Leeker: How big are the mirrors?
Timothy Sackton: They're They're about like four feet wide and seven feet tall. They're substantial
Timothy Sackton: they're bigger than well-be. So I think we smoke the room.
Phil Grayson: We move through it to the
Phil Grayson: uh notes.
Rev. David (he/him): We properly go through the notes. How often can you smoke the room? Hold up uh, only twice. What if we go back down to the kitchen and get the stuff from that guy like he used something that covered this all up like lard or
Timothy Sackton: something right boiler. Yeah, he had. He had soot mixed with lard
Phil Grayson: four feet by seven feet times twelve in a minute of of of complete blindness is, I just don't see it
Phil Grayson: if it was like one of them. Maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you're not going to be able to cover them.
Timothy Sackton: You're not going to be able to paint them black in a minute with that big in the area you could smash them.
Timothy Sackton: You could like
Phil Grayson: we smash them, We smash them, and we and we cover the floor with with with tablecloths.
Rev. David (he/him): You don't have to.
Timothy Sackton: Uh you. Could you could like, if you cut up the tapestry or something that's doable. We can drape things and bed linens. And yeah,
John Leeker: I like that idea. The worst is just getting up there, but we can just have like time to the open
John Leeker: pull up.
Yeah.
John Leeker: So I actually it's fast as well. We can just fly down there, gather them, and then we can
John Leeker: sit up top and just drag them up.
John Leeker: It's probably the fastest way we can,
Phil Grayson: and we well, he's doing that. We can be throwing them down in front of the mirrors that we wanna
John Leeker: like. Oh, yeah, I have a like prepared to like we can. That's a good point. Okay, yeah,
John Leeker: Can we? Um, just
John Leeker: magic, Rah: all of those actions.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, yeah, yeah, that's a that that should definitely work. Um. There is plenty of linen to be gathered. If you spend ten minutes gathering.
Timothy Sackton: The guild was happy to give you his his like
Timothy Sackton: bed, linens, and stuff. Given your plans. So you don't even have to venture into the
Timothy Sackton: uh Rosena's bedroom, which you don't know what's in there. Does you want to help us cover them up?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, no, definitely. Not hundred percent now.
Timothy Sackton: Wants to have never see in a mirror again in his life.
Timothy Sackton: But it's happy. You're doing it, though,
Phil Grayson: but your
Phil Grayson: your master,
like
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: you can try a persuasion. Check It's not going to be easy, though
Phil Grayson: I don't even know if we'd really want this guy. But
Rev. David (he/him): I don't trust them.
Rev. David (he/him): I feel like he's going to be a liability. Yeah,
John Leeker: I was not that persuasive.
Timothy Sackton: Um, I'm just gonna grab a quick glass of water over here, back. But yeah, so it takes you. You know it takes you fifteen minutes to gather some stuff up. You like toss it down around so that all of the
Timothy Sackton: you know you've got plows of stuff kind of scattered around.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I'll be shoot to zero in those black smoke expands to fill the room as you all jump down, and in a minute. You you only have to do four mirrors each. That's
Timothy Sackton: a mayor covering a mirror once per fifteen seconds. That's certainly manageable. Given that you how what you've prepared.
Timothy Sackton: Um:
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: yeah, the room is now
Timothy Sackton: as the smoke clears,
Timothy Sackton: you see
Timothy Sackton: the giant
Timothy Sackton: pool of silver,
Timothy Sackton: which is a portal, but the mirrors are all locked.
Rev. David (he/him): We we could, having secured this room, attempt to do the same thing on the floor below, and then read through the notes.
Rev. David (he/him): That seems
Rev. David (he/him): wise right?
Timothy Sackton: Um! We also notice
um.
Timothy Sackton: There is like a you know, like around the
Timothy Sackton: around the pool there's like these arcane symbols like forming a ring
Timothy Sackton: around this silvery pool,
Timothy Sackton: intricate arcane silt symbols, like in powdered silver and chalk.
Timothy Sackton: Um
Timothy Sackton: that seemed to be
Timothy Sackton: some sort of magic,
Timothy Sackton: almost holding the
Timothy Sackton: full of silvery liquid in its shape,
Timothy Sackton: like the liquid, comes right up to the end of this this magic circle.
Rev. David (he/him): We we probably need to figure out how this works right.
Phil Grayson: We probably
Phil Grayson: shouldn't disturb those if we can wait, It
John Leeker: agreed.
John Leeker: I would also suggest, like really should brought this; but, like
John Leeker: one of those should smear the paint over these. I am not a breeze, a fight, a battle, and these coughs fall off so like can we like, secure them with rope, or put the large one at a time like, really fast.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, or just reach underneath and start covering it that way. Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: yeah, Once you've got the cost hanging. It's not that hard to,
Timothy Sackton: you know. Go, do it slowly, one by one, like Smear City lard over each one, just just like reaching underneath the clock. So we're
Timothy Sackton: maybe a bit of a challenge for wellbeing, since he's, you know, half the height of the mirror, but we'll be just as the bottom third of each one. Exactly. You make click work of. So you've got a backup.
Phil Grayson: How often can well be? Fly?
Rev. David (he/him): It's, an I probably still have fifteen minutes at least, left up
John Leeker: so you can. You can cover any part of any room.
Timothy Sackton: Do we want to check the notes? Was there any threats there, just like in the interest of keeping thing moving, you can do the same. The The room below is much easier, because there's only two reflective surfaces. Um.
Timothy Sackton: So that's not too much of a challenge. So the things you learn from looking at the rest of the notes is so so one is the The intention,
Timothy Sackton: it appears, was to
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: open like a not like a full portal, but just bring a part of the mirror realm
Timothy Sackton: here, and and Aaron wanted to like, talk to his mirror, duplicate and just like understand what the mirror realm was all about,
Timothy Sackton: but keep the mirror duplicate, trapped,
Timothy Sackton: and unable to actually leave this like Silver Pool?
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: obviously that didn't work.
John Leeker: It's not entirely clear Why, they probably got confused like I feel that they don't know which one's the mere one. So they both thought they had to trap the other one in there.
John Leeker: Uh,
Rev. David (he/him): they're very possible
wizards.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, the other thing you learn is that? Yes, the the silver thing in the middle is a portal. If you jump into it, you'll appear in the mirror realm.
Timothy Sackton: If you do
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: a mirror duplicate of you will be created, although where it's created is a little bit unclear,
Timothy Sackton: and as long as the mirror duplicate exists you can't leave the mirror world.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: then the other thing! Yes, and then the other thing that seems clear. So that's the
Timothy Sackton: the portals part the the words, the words is like a very intricate arcane detail about how to create this circle
Timothy Sackton: like exactly how you sort of make a a barrier that prevents
Timothy Sackton: this kind of possession, because the the
Timothy Sackton: what you gather from from these notes is that
Timothy Sackton: the the
Timothy Sackton: hypothesis is that the mirror creatures want to leave?
Timothy Sackton: They're trying to trade places they want to get out.
Timothy Sackton: And so the goal was to create wards that would prevent the mirror creature from being able to
Timothy Sackton: exchange
Timothy Sackton: itself for arm.
Timothy Sackton: But then, either
Timothy Sackton: he got confused and ended up dropping not sure who is Who?
Timothy Sackton: Why,
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: you know something Something broke.
Timothy Sackton: The wards were not created correctly. There's any number of things that could have gone wrong.
Timothy Sackton: Uh, also, by carefully studying the notes. Um! You are pretty sure that Aaron was convinced that
Timothy Sackton: magic did not work in the mirror realm
Timothy Sackton: any magic, no magic at all Works
Phil Grayson: it possible that
Phil Grayson: wait. Did a raccoon come out of this silver
Timothy Sackton: when the No, the raccoons came out of the mirrors,
Timothy Sackton: and as soon as the raccoon
Timothy Sackton: was possessed
Timothy Sackton: the real raccoon vanished.
Timothy Sackton: The mirror Raccoon was pacing around
Timothy Sackton: this world, and as soon as the mirror raccoon was killed the real raccoon emerged from the portable.
Phil Grayson: Okay, So what what I was getting at was whether the words that are in place now prevent anything from coming out of the portal, and it doesn't seem that way to prevent the from coming out of the portal. Okay, so we don't need to destroy them.
Phil Grayson: We can leave them as they are.
Phil Grayson: Let's go,
Phil Grayson: and I just cover the mirrors and then jump through the portal.
Rev. David (he/him): Uh
Rev. David (he/him): once we jump through the Florida won't we be in there with our mirror versions, though? Yeah.
Phil Grayson: And then we'll have a pretty cool dial
Phil Grayson: uh where we will focus fire, but they will not know to do that.
Phil Grayson: And then
Phil Grayson: but will they? They could know, because we know, Of course, they will cause Tim, smiling.
Phil Grayson: What the hell are we supposed to do? Okay,
John Leeker: huh? So if the mere selves are they just us,
Rev. David (he/him): What What if
Rev. David (he/him): we send
Rev. David (he/him): one person in,
Rev. David (he/him): and we send them in by allowing them to be pulled in,
Rev. David (he/him): which creates their mirror version in this world.
Rev. David (he/him): And the other two people
Rev. David (he/him): like
Rev. David (he/him): tie that person up or otherwise restrain them,
Rev. David (he/him): and whenever they need to, there's the exit. Just kill the mirror version, and they'll pop back out again.
Rev. David (he/him): But then it gives that person a chance to go
Rev. David (he/him): explore in the mirror world and try and sort out the right wizard
Rev. David (he/him): and kill Wizard.
Phil Grayson: Okay, if if If magic doesn't work, then the Wizard is going to be super easy to kill. We don't need all.
Phil Grayson: I still vote that
Phil Grayson: um
Phil Grayson: that alamash is the one through, given their weapon power.
Phil Grayson: I'm up for that, and maybe we can hide to get a sneak attack on this guy, and I can try to.
Phil Grayson: I have an ability that can charm and incapacitate.
Phil Grayson: Um!
Phil Grayson: That might work. How long does that work?
Phil Grayson: I think it's a minute. Yeah, for one minute, if they?
Phil Grayson: Ah,
Phil Grayson: hmm!
Phil Grayson: You can invoke the room as a bonus action to enter
Phil Grayson: State for one minute or until you're incapacitated in the State. When you are another creature you see within sixty feet of you makes an attack roll, saving through, or an ability check. You can use reaction to cause the Oh, that's the wrong one. Sorry
Phil Grayson: uh where did it go?
That would exist?
John Leeker: I say we try this.
John Leeker: My other idea was, we all jump in the mirror,
John Leeker: kill ourselves, and just let them ourselves take over our lives and the duplicates of it, anyway. Yeah, it's not bad.
Rev. David (he/him): Maybe we keep that as a plan. B:
John Leeker: imagine this wizards and three warrior just jump that out of nowhere and immediately just off themselves.
Phil Grayson: So it's a Dc. Fifteen, with, save if it ends its turn within thirty feet of May.
Phil Grayson: If it fails, then
Phil Grayson: it's charmed for a minute, and it has a speed of zero, and it's incapacitated, and it's in in a dreamy stupor,
Phil Grayson: and it repeats it, saving through each six seconds,
Phil Grayson: so could try it, and it may give us time to tie him up, or
Phil Grayson: try and sneak, attack um, and at least get him down a bit. Um,
Timothy Sackton: yeah,
Phil Grayson: i'm up. If if something's charmed as it if it gets hurt, does it make saves immediately on getting hurt.
Timothy Sackton: Uh, unless the ability says that. No? Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So that's the
Timothy Sackton: yeah. No, it doesn't
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: it just gets a save at the end of each turn it doesn't damage or not. Doesn't matter right?
John Leeker: This is this the plan? So I go down there and do I try to discern which wizard or just kill one and take the other one. You try to discern one. Yeah, talk to him about that song that he likes. Okay. And if the song is a no go,
John Leeker: then just kill one.
Rev. David (he/him): I mean, still try to figure it out right
John Leeker: right. I think if they've been in there together for a month. There's a good chance. It's not going to be super clear unless there's like a Oh, wait a second. One has a stewarded one doesn't right,
John Leeker: the stewards in one of the two areas. Not on both
Timothy Sackton: the steward. There's no reflection of the steward. The steward is just in the real world. Yeah, I thought there was one. I thought there was somebody else there. It was just a wizard on both of them
John Leeker: two wizards, one on two, two different floors. Okay, God, Okay.
Phil Grayson: So yeah, I think go with the song. And then beyond that, I think, just kill a wizard.
John Leeker: Okay,
John Leeker: is this the plan,
John Leeker: so you should probably tim me up before you push me in the pool.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you're not being pushed in the pool right? You're letting your your reflection of merge. So that got it. Got it. So they have to fight. Okay,
Phil Grayson: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: you
Timothy Sackton: to send all of you into the room with the pool, I assume,
Timothy Sackton: and smoke it.
Timothy Sackton: Well, we've already done all that.
Timothy Sackton: And uh,
Timothy Sackton: what Hold up? Well be his hand there like. How are you creating a reflection.
Timothy Sackton: This, like it, starts with just an arm emerging, then another arm, and, like
Timothy Sackton: Alamash's body, begins to like
Timothy Sackton: holy and twisted way out of this small hand mirror like
Timothy Sackton: getting bigger as it like struggles out,
Timothy Sackton: kind of shaking itself off,
Timothy Sackton: and then
Timothy Sackton: reaching out and grabbing
Timothy Sackton: you um.
Timothy Sackton: And since you're letting this happen, you feel a chill. Run up your spine, and then
Timothy Sackton: in a moment you find yourself
Timothy Sackton: in this mirror world, with
Timothy Sackton: in the same room, with selections everywhere. Um!
Timothy Sackton: And you can see
Timothy Sackton: the wizard who's up in this in this floor now
Timothy Sackton: looks up as you enter and says,
Timothy Sackton: What! Who are you.
Timothy Sackton: This can't be good,
Timothy Sackton: and with that we'll roll initiative.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, let me make a new map here,
Phil Grayson: can I? Uh can I say that I did the bonus to get big as soon as he disappears into the
Timothy Sackton: so. The room is like forty feet across,
Timothy Sackton: so like something like this, roughly.
Timothy Sackton: And here's the
Timothy Sackton: silver pool in the middle.
Timothy Sackton: Uh so
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So i'll mash, Well, be sure.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: uh! So let's see where you can put yourselves wherever you are. Al Mash is like right here coming from the wall.
Timothy Sackton: Bobby, and shell can be wherever you want.
Phil Grayson: I'm fine there we be. Did you want to be hidden for the
Timothy Sackton: really anywhere to hide in this room unless you want to like. Try and hide behind one of the
Timothy Sackton: It's pretty. It's a pretty featureless room except for the silver pool and the mirrors.
Timothy Sackton: Uh you could you could possibly
Timothy Sackton: like, if you move things around right like you could make you could
Timothy Sackton: drag one of the cloth out or something, so you could try and hide behind that.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you could have. You could have spent some time doing this, but was setting up a place to hide before
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: before you let.
Rev. David (he/him): I don't really think I need to.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you are up
Timothy Sackton: first, Bobby.
Rev. David (he/him): Uh, uh,
Rev. David (he/him): I mean, I guess i'll take steady aim and attack right because we want to.
Rev. David (he/him): Where this got down a little bit
Timothy Sackton: right? Yeah,
Rev. David (he/him): all right, well take steady aim and attack them. Here we go,
Timothy Sackton: Barrett.
Timothy Sackton: There are strengths,
Timothy Sackton: our mash
Timothy Sackton: mirror, Alamash, piercing through his armor,
Timothy Sackton: doing thirty thirty points of damage.
John Leeker: So.
Timothy Sackton: Uh, there is. Is there a sneak attack on that? Yeah, that's sneak attack because he had an advantage from steady. A
Timothy Sackton: steady aim spends your bonus action to give you advantage. And so that gets you
Timothy Sackton: cool. Right? Okay. So all mash in the mirror realm real, all Mash sees
Timothy Sackton: the Wizard, who just said,
Timothy Sackton: Who are you? This can't be good.
John Leeker: I'm, I shouldn't.
John Leeker: We have to save you
John Leeker: what the other You
Timothy Sackton: save me from what
John Leeker: you're trapped in the mirror.
John Leeker: This is my home, Jesus Christ! You're trapped in the mirror. There's another version of you beneath
John Leeker: this
Timothy Sackton: i'm. By myself.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, fuck! What is your uh?
Timothy Sackton: What is your intention here, good sir?
John Leeker: I am from the real, have you? What was the last time you left the Tower
Timothy Sackton: haven't been in the mood lately.
Timothy Sackton: It's been
John Leeker: too hot outside. Have you talked to your steward recently?
Timothy Sackton: He's
Timothy Sackton: no got
Timothy Sackton: no I haven't. What What have you been up to? How you talked to that. I named the the other person, Rosanna. Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: no, not her, either. That
Timothy Sackton: actually Why, Don't, I utilize that.
John Leeker: Have you looked at your notes recently. Can you read them
Timothy Sackton: sort of blinks? Uh,
Timothy Sackton: where did? Where did you come from?
John Leeker: The real realm?
Timothy Sackton: Something is clearly wrong, and at that moment all mash. One, two, three, four, but charges Forward,
John Leeker: Hey! Overch, hey? So if i'm this Alan Mash, I will enraged,
John Leeker: pissed off due disarming attack.
John Leeker: So the weapon expand one die, add it to the damage. Disarm. Okay, make your attack.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that's a hit that that hats.
Timothy Sackton: So I do my normal attack. Then I roll my dye so well. But you need to make a strength savings
Timothy Sackton: just one, not. Oh, it's weird! How it does, all of them when I press the button. Oh, hey, you hold on to your your sword. Oh, that is astonishingly.
Timothy Sackton: I still do damage, though. Right? Yeah, you still do
Timothy Sackton: seven plus oned ten.
Timothy Sackton: So come,
Timothy Sackton: so you still do
Timothy Sackton: eight ten points of damage, and I still get my other attack right, because my bonus action, then I
Timothy Sackton: that also hits
Rev. David (he/him): I mean barely
Timothy Sackton: so. That's fifteen points of damage,
John Leeker: and he's just enraged. So then accent charge,
John Leeker: Yeah. So then I do my um action surge, and he attacks again. Oh, shit twice again. Right? Yeah. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that misses.
Timothy Sackton: Well, we manages to dodge everyone that one.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, that rolling there!
Rev. David (he/him): Um!
Rev. David (he/him): Is that the end of your turn for now. Yeah, I'm gonna use my reaction to move half my move away without provoking an opportunity.
Timothy Sackton: Okay?
Phil Grayson: And before my turn i'll use my reaction to try the stone room. So I need a wisdom stave from Almh
Timothy Sackton: Wisdom safe. Yeah. Whenever you got lucky and indomitable.
John Leeker: So I will. Yeah, I will use
John Leeker: indomitable this time, right? That the
John Leeker: Yeah. So you can roll it again. But you can use lucky to roll it again with advantage. Oh, yeah, i'll keep an on on You's lucky.
John Leeker: So I roll again with wisdom.
Phil Grayson: Success?
Phil Grayson: Well, he's not going to be charmed.
Phil Grayson: It's now my turn and I'm. I'm Big Tim, can you?
Phil Grayson: All right? I will just start whaling on him.
Phil Grayson: Um, I will
Phil Grayson: activate the storm grave.
Phil Grayson: Wait No, that doesn't do anything, really.
Phil Grayson: I will just start whaling on him
Timothy Sackton: that messes. Oh, dear! I told you to take off your armor, Dude.
John Leeker: That's going to miss you. Wait, Wait, Wait, wait, wait. Ira. Past on the second, miss. Oh, yeah, okay.
John Leeker: He's just he's going on now. He's not in your reach. You can't. You can't repost him because he's too far away. Oh, cause he's wait. He's doing the mainly attack. But he's Giant. Yeah, exactly. Got it. Okay, Um, I am going to.
Phil Grayson: Where does the action search? Live?
Timothy Sackton: That's way down at the bottom?
Phil Grayson: Yeah, i'll do my action. Search, too.
Phil Grayson: Um,
Phil Grayson: this. So it's got so much armor
Timothy Sackton: that hits
Timothy Sackton: I'm. I'm keeping your hip points separately. John. You're keeping track of this one. Okay, because you shouldn't be
Phil Grayson: your hip points Are your real character. Not your got it? Got it? Okay? So I get that plus the d eight.
Phil Grayson: Oh, just one more and then a second.
Phil Grayson: It's good. Yeah. And then a second second attack is in that one twice in a row. Cool, and then i'll do the bonus action in time as well.
Phil Grayson: Seventeen doesn't hit right no while.
Phil Grayson: Um,
Phil Grayson: all right. That's all my actions, and
Phil Grayson: my reaction gets recharged right because I use it before my
Phil Grayson: still Alamash is looking fairly wounded from uh, and I, if if I move one step away from him, he doesn't have to reach to get me right, so i'll take a step back, and when you enter my my circle I will try to attack to stop you
Timothy Sackton: as well these up first, though,
Rev. David (he/him): David, you're at uh,
Rev. David (he/him): how badly wounded is he he's fairly wounded like half.
Rev. David (he/him): If we kill him, can we stabilize him before he's dead dead.
Phil Grayson: I think just do non-lethal right?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, not clear that that would work because he's not actually a living creature. He's a reflection, I guess, like worst case scenario. We just do it again.
John Leeker: I just pop back out, and then we just
Phil Grayson: open up the mirror and away we go.
Rev. David (he/him): I feel like at a certain point we have to just like restrain him right.
Rev. David (he/him): Ah, sure! Do you think?
Phil Grayson: Um,
Phil Grayson: Maybe I've I've done my one thing that I could try to do to not just keep my big. You can always grapple him.
Rev. David (he/him): Uh
Rev. David (he/him): I mean I could crap them, too. Why, don't you take one more turn hitting them, and i'll grapple them next? It sounds good. I'll take study aim and shoot.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yep, that hits
Timothy Sackton: another arrow pierces into mirror. Almash
Rev. David (he/him): twenty-four
Timothy Sackton: yeah he's He's getting down there
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: definitely definitely beginning to become a little bit decoherent at this point. And now we go back to the mirror realm
Timothy Sackton: as the as the are in whichever are in this is puzzled and and kind of shakes his head for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: I I think I
Timothy Sackton: I think I've lost track of time.
John Leeker: This is, you know what comes me down when I lose talk of time.
John Leeker: I like to sing a song.
John Leeker: What songs are you saying when you get nervous?
Timothy Sackton: I never sing.
John Leeker: You never say,
John Leeker: have you ever sang in the past
Timothy Sackton: now?
John Leeker: Hmm! When I start hunting the song,
John Leeker: What's the response?
Timothy Sackton: Come here, let me come with me.
John Leeker: Come where
Timothy Sackton: Well, Let's figure this out.
John Leeker: Tell me where
Timothy Sackton: I I guess.
Timothy Sackton: Let's let's uh
John Leeker: let's go down to my study and see what we can sort out. Just wait sorry. Go back to our coon thing spatially. Are they two of the exact same rooms, or those two wizards?
Timothy Sackton: The the second wizard was in Rosena's chambers, one for? Oh, and that's where we're going to go. I'm like. Let's go to our Cinnas chambers.
Timothy Sackton: Why would we go there? Uh, Um, Just here, Take my hand. No, okay.
John Leeker: I'll.
John Leeker: Oh, fuck! I don't like to make this decision alone. Um,
John Leeker: I interpret this as the
Rev. David (he/him): run downstairs.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I um without touching him. I take my shield and push his weak wizard body away, and I move downstairs. Ah! You also notice that your your um ring and your weapon are no longer magical,
Timothy Sackton: but it doesn't affect you that, bad as Phil, I was really hoping you would go through, and I could be like, Oh, you're weak now.
Timothy Sackton: Um! So I run downstairs. He chases after you, saying, Wait, wait! Where are you going?
Timothy Sackton: And you come down to Vicente's chambers, where the second Wizard
Timothy Sackton: is sitting
Timothy Sackton: sort of uh in her uh in.
Timothy Sackton: That sort of much less fancy study. Um,
Timothy Sackton: uh, just kind of looking a bit lost in thought and looks up.
Timothy Sackton: Who are you? Where did you come from?
I'm. Here to save you?
Timothy Sackton: Save me from?
John Leeker: We are in the mir realm.
John Leeker: Think, when's the last time you talk to another person.
John Leeker: When's the last time you write a book, or any of your notes?
Timothy Sackton: That is quite odd where
Timothy Sackton: Rosetta is not here. Why am I in her chambers,
Timothy Sackton: Giles.
John Leeker: They are in the real realm.
John Leeker: Look at my point now. There's the weak wizard guy running down chasing me.
Timothy Sackton: One of you is the mere person. And now we go back to
Timothy Sackton: real world. Al Mash!
John Leeker: Al Mash is
John Leeker: enraged.
John Leeker: This tiny little thing that's been hurting him, grabs his spear and chucks it.
Timothy Sackton: That will be. That will be
Timothy Sackton: okay.
John Leeker: So is that a normal? Is that one D eight plus five?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yup!
Timothy Sackton: And can I just stowed, or do I need to use my bonus action to throw it. Cook, toss. You can use your bonus action to throw it, and then you can attack normally,
so I will attack normally.
John Leeker: Does that hit?
Timothy Sackton: That's the hit with the spear on me? Yeah, so that you need to like, Run closer to him to pick up your spear to attack him again. Because
John Leeker: Yeah. So yeah, So I will.
Timothy Sackton: So really damage. First you add uh
Timothy Sackton: um, you add just the on d ten, so it's nine, plus one d ten.
Timothy Sackton: So that's fifteen points of damage to well be from the sphere that pierces into you, and then all mash is going to run.
Timothy Sackton: Even if you're trying to avoid one to you can't really avoid his reach. So he's gonna get his opportunity to attack on you
Phil Grayson: uh. It's not coming up. Let's do a regular attack.
Phil Grayson: That's a hit. You're stuck five feet away from me back here,
Phil Grayson: and
Timothy Sackton: that's seventeen to you. Not at least the left. We're getting there,
John Leeker: and I still have my bonus action as well, or to that, use that up getting getting stopped.
John Leeker: Ah, no! That doesn't use your bonus. It just stops your movement for the trim. Okay. So then I continue attacking this little thing enraged.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Rev. David (he/him): that hits right. Well be
Timothy Sackton: So That's another eight points of damage.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, All uncanny Dutch, That one. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: you're going to be out of spears after this throw, though.
John Leeker: Um.
And Jerry like, Say, we carry you carry two spares, but you're not going to be able to.
Timothy Sackton: Can I make a normal stabbing on the big guy? No, he's out of your reach. He's he's ten feet away.
John Leeker: So then I know I do. And then I
John Leeker: where is it? I'm trying to move fast. Here, My, I can restore health.
John Leeker: Uh yes, you could do that as your bonus actions. Yeah. So I use short rat. I use my second wind. Yeah, And then.
Timothy Sackton: So that's Wendy. Ten plus ten eleven. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: Shawl, you're up.
Phil Grayson: He's looking pretty wounded at this point. Yeah, I will try to grapple him.
Phil Grayson: Um.
Phil Grayson: So I think,
Phil Grayson: in terms of how I do that I will sort of jump from my ten foot talls, big, massive stance, and just try and land on. I'm in a big bear hug
Timothy Sackton: athletics against athletics. But but so you have advantage. I have advantage. Yeah, so uh i'll mash role in athletics, Jack.
Timothy Sackton: He's he's wiry all mash. You can try again, because it's a special attack, so you can do it twice. All right, same Deal. I get advantage. Yeah,
Phil Grayson: twenty two
Timothy Sackton: or your.
John Leeker: And this is athletics. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yeah, grab them
Timothy Sackton: So now, his it makes his. It makes his speed zero.
Timothy Sackton: But he currently
Timothy Sackton: Oh, no, you still have one spear left, or your third spear. But you are. You can't move at this point.
Timothy Sackton: Um! Right,
Timothy Sackton: and we'll be you up.
Phil Grayson: I'll do the Oh, I don't have any hit points. That's fine.
Rev. David (he/him): Um,
Rev. David (he/him): Can I pile on the grapple?
Yeah,
Phil Grayson: yeah, you could. You could try and tie them up, or something, too, or you could try and grab his spear or something.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, i'll uh, I'll see if I can if I can like, toss the weapons away and try and time up.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Um, I would say, make a
Timothy Sackton: make a athletics check against his athletics
Timothy Sackton: uh it's kind of make an argument for acrobatics instead. If you're trying to tie him up, I will say yes, if you're trying to get his weapons away. No, that has to be. Do I get a role acrobatics as well, then, or I'm rolling his athletics against my your app. You're athletics against. Uh. I'm going to try. I'll tie him up. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: you can roll. You just got to be an eleven.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you get the rope around him. Um, he's still holding a spear. He's. Now I will say he's restrained, which means he's got disadvantage on attacks. This is progress
Timothy Sackton: back to mirror.
John Leeker: Okay, Um. So there's the two of them. They've seen each other. What are they doing? So So now you've You've had the same conversation now with both of them and the one who was downstairs
Timothy Sackton: Now, looking at you like,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, some things, something's definitely wrong. Where did you say you came from again?
John Leeker: The real world?
Timothy Sackton: How did you get here? What What are you doing here.
Timothy Sackton: What is
John Leeker: I got here the same way you got here.
Timothy Sackton: Something does something to your memory. The longer you stay here I can't.
Timothy Sackton: It's not clear.
John Leeker: I start humming a song again.
John Leeker: The lost lots of tollen. I immediately stab the other one like zero hesitation he's a he's a wizard with no magic, so it's not that hard.
Timothy Sackton: And this form has yeah, that hits This form has an action surged yet.
John Leeker: So I get. So I
John Leeker: I roll.
Timothy Sackton: If you hit with all four attacks like, I mean, yeah, I just
Timothy Sackton: He's a pretty strong but without magic. So yeah, make make for our tackles. But don't worry about damage if you hit with all four attacks he's gone.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: they see, is twelve. So
Timothy Sackton: yeah, okay, so. And you see this uh this wizard form just kind of
Timothy Sackton: burst into this cloud of
Timothy Sackton: mist. And suddenly the wizard that you're standing next to it's like a swirling vortex, and then vanishes.
Timothy Sackton: You, too, and mirror. Almash now see slowly beginning to form a merge out of the silver pool the form of
Timothy Sackton: a wizard.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Phil Grayson: I I turn to
Phil Grayson: well be, and I say, I say, sneak, attack, sneak, attack,
Timothy Sackton: But it's all not it's mirror, all mash's turn. You're restrained. So you've got disadvantage on everything. But you do have one spear left in your hand
John Leeker: full rage after well be
Timothy Sackton: that still has we even have a disadvantage.
John Leeker: And then I do a another
John Leeker: of the disarm attack. So then I get a roll one d ten for damage,
Timothy Sackton: and we need to make a strength saving throw,
Timothy Sackton: so that's nineteen damage.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, well on wait was that night uh nineteen. I'll uncanny dodge that. So? That's halved
Timothy Sackton: strength saving throne
Timothy Sackton: manages to like, Get the spear like Oh, wait! Sorry! This is not your frost beer so minus two from that this isn't this doesn't do the full damage, because you through your
Timothy Sackton: um. So that's not It's seventeen instead of nineteen.
Um!
Timothy Sackton: But you do manage to like Hook Wellby, and then tosses his bow out of his hands
Timothy Sackton: now and then. I, like restrained use my other attack and try to stab them again. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: with this advantage.
Timothy Sackton: So I get a roll again. Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: I'm going to make you roll. I'm going to make you roll again with Runic shield. Okay? Well, once more
Timothy Sackton: that is failed to work in two separate years. So that's eleven points of damage,
John Leeker: and I just imagine he just like just everything he got with resisted arm, and he's just
Timothy Sackton: sees the person that's hurt him is just, and now shawls up as the Wizard is beginning to form.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, I'm just gonna triple attack the restrained guy. Do I have advantage on them? You have advantage? Yep, All right. So it's gonna be
Timothy Sackton: bonus action. The first one hits second. One misses bonus action hits and that's
Timothy Sackton: seventeen. Yeah, that's he only has. He had seventeen. It points left. So actually, with your first strike
Timothy Sackton: mirror, all mash bursts into
Timothy Sackton: ah
Timothy Sackton: spray of like reflective snow, and you see
Timothy Sackton: again this like silver form beginning to emerge like out of the
Timothy Sackton: out of the pool, as the Wizard and all mash both
Timothy Sackton: step out,
Timothy Sackton: and Aaron is now looks around, and it's like
Timothy Sackton: motioning for you all, and he begins he, like
Timothy Sackton: uh like, reaches into his robe, and takes out this uh powdered silver blows it, and says a few arcing words, and he, as soon as all mash emerges, the cool begins to kind of fold in on itself,
Timothy Sackton: begins to swirl, and it sort of almost pulls itself up into into a ball and turns opaque.
Timothy Sackton: And you like
Timothy Sackton: that was a mistake.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: I owe you much. It seems.
John Leeker: Yes, you do. That's like like reform. You
Rev. David (he/him): yes,
Rev. David (he/him): will be taking the excess blood off of him.
Timothy Sackton: What
Timothy Sackton: brought you to my
Timothy Sackton: my A.
Rev. David (he/him): We came to rescue you
Phil Grayson: a nominal fee. Of course
Timothy Sackton: I am. I am certainly in your that. What?
Timothy Sackton: What can I do for you?
Timothy Sackton: Of course, if that's what you'd like?
Phil Grayson: I probably have one of the simpler requests. I'm. Just
Phil Grayson: courting a king's daughter, and would love to present her with something worthy of her position.
Phil Grayson: A magic item, a ring. Perhaps you
Phil Grayson: something that should impress and demonstrate my
Phil Grayson: my power and my my love for her
Timothy Sackton: an Alvin made in,
Timothy Sackton: I assume
Timothy Sackton: he goes downstairs, and he ruffles around in his
his
Timothy Sackton: uh for a moment, and brings out this uh deck of cards that are that are painted with this sort of beautiful.
Timothy Sackton: Ah! Like there's the clubs, our flowers, the hearts are our gems, the
Timothy Sackton: the spades are trees, the um diamonds are coral, and as he draws each card like, lays it down on the table, and this illusion begins to grow up from the card of whatever is depicted.
Phil Grayson: It's beautiful. Thank you.
John Leeker: I like
John Leeker: toss my shield at him, Make this magical. I went to a different realm for you. I don't understand wizards. I do not like them. I want this shield to protect me from wizards.
Timothy Sackton: I am.
Timothy Sackton: I am not an artificer.
Timothy Sackton: I have little skill in that craft,
Timothy Sackton: but I do believe I
Timothy Sackton: may have something.
Hmm
Timothy Sackton: may have something that would uh
Timothy Sackton: appeal to you.
John Leeker: I take it to the shell.
John Leeker: Okay,
John Leeker: I could have been trapped in that fucking me around.
Timothy Sackton: I don't like people, either.
Timothy Sackton: I'm doing you a favor. Some politeness could be appreciated
Timothy Sackton: despite my debt. This is a sacrifice, and he takes a ring off of his finger, and he hands it to you, and he says
Timothy Sackton: this will protect you from charms and possession.
John Leeker: That would be a big relief. Thank you,
Timothy Sackton: is yours with my thanks.
John Leeker: How could it well be? And i'm like if I do that, it's It's gonna well be like bleeding.
Rev. David (he/him): I say I, you may have done this, but I did that. And then, realizing there's no body just like two Arrows sitting on a
Rev. David (he/him): You had to be here. It was really impressive.
John Leeker: But wait, I see. Your crossbow is like way over there, and you're over here.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, my um, yeah, I did.
Rev. David (he/him): What about you halfling? What can I do for you.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, if this was really a story, I would ask you for a bow that never misses, and boots that never wear out in a map of every road,
Rev. David (he/him): but failing that, what I really need is um! I I got sucked through a portal two thousand miles west of here, and I need a
Rev. David (he/him): through the fay wild to get myself back to meet the rest of my friends again.
Rev. David (he/him): You know
Rev. David (he/him): you're the one to talk to. I'm sorry
Timothy Sackton: I can. I can teleport you anywhere in the fay wild. You wish to go,
Rev. David (he/him): Please Don't, interpret this as anything other than deepest gratitude. But
Rev. David (he/him): once I get there I don't know how to get back out again,
Rev. David (he/him): or through
Rev. David (he/him): as valuable as that is, and as much as I do need it.
Rev. David (he/him): I think I need some way to navigate once I get there.
Timothy Sackton: Well, yes,
Timothy Sackton: hey, wild as they
Timothy Sackton: as a tricky place,
Timothy Sackton: the best way to navigate is a guide,
Timothy Sackton: and the best way
Timothy Sackton: to get a fay to trust you as with a gift.
Timothy Sackton: He
Timothy Sackton: creatures of the Fay wilds.
Timothy Sackton: Well, they honor,
Timothy Sackton: they honor their reciprocity of gifts,
Timothy Sackton: you give them something of value, they will be obligated to give you something of value in return.
Timothy Sackton: So here let me give you this as a gift
Timothy Sackton: or a fay to guide you,
Timothy Sackton: and he goes down to his study, and he comes back with a
now
Timothy Sackton: a pearl on a on a necklace that's glowing faintly like moonlight when he says,
Timothy Sackton: the sun never moves in the fay wild.
Timothy Sackton: To see the moon sat far to the west requires a
Timothy Sackton: journey of thousands of miles.
Timothy Sackton: This necklace
Timothy Sackton: it contains the glow of the moon.
Timothy Sackton: Many Fay will highly value that.
Timothy Sackton: Give it to you as a
Timothy Sackton: token
Timothy Sackton: a for a guide when you arrive. But
Timothy Sackton: even so, where would you have me send you
Rev. David (he/him): the exit near Eudomus Tower, to the east of there
Timothy Sackton: last light falls
Rev. David (he/him): last one for life.
Rev. David (he/him): If I could ask your indulgence, I reach into a pouch at my waist
Rev. David (he/him): and pull out a small carved ebony fly.
Rev. David (he/him): I've carried this with me for months now, ever since I took it from the Agata, who we killed in the deserts to the east of Dunmar.
Rev. David (he/him): But every time I speak the word that turns it into a fly who ought to be a friendly, delightful mount. It just tries to kill me.
Rev. David (he/him): I've yet to meet someone with the skill to understand how to control this creature. Do you know,
Timothy Sackton: may I
Rev. David (he/him): please?
Timothy Sackton: He's up at him,
Timothy Sackton: investigates,
cast a spell over it
Timothy Sackton: that is
Timothy Sackton: puzzling,
Timothy Sackton: spends a few more minutes, casts. Another spell
Timothy Sackton: will not take a new master until its old master is dead.
Rev. David (he/him): No, No, no, no, no, no! Is what I'm saying out loud right now. No, What do you mean? It's old master is dead. We
well shit
John Leeker: some of my other character just woke up and feels unsettled.
Rev. David (he/him): Hold on! I don't care your Tim. Do we see it? A gotcha or a sandwich writing That thing
Rev. David (he/him): like. Is it known that a Gotcha was its master?
Timothy Sackton: You never! You never saw a gossip right?
Rev. David (he/him): Well, then, honestly,
Rev. David (he/him): how do I know who its master is perhaps the one I killed. Wasn't really its master.
Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: My magic
Timothy Sackton: did not reveal that.
Timothy Sackton: Just that its master still lives.
Timothy Sackton: I would ask,
Timothy Sackton: This is a fay creation.
Timothy Sackton: If you can bargain
Timothy Sackton: with an arch fay,
Timothy Sackton: they would know
Rev. David (he/him): and ask your indulgence and pose one more question to you.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed,
Rev. David (he/him): too many tips for bargaining with a storm Giant.
Timothy Sackton: You are
Timothy Sackton: oddities now, Aren't, you
Rev. David (he/him): baffling from the west.
Timothy Sackton: Do I detect a simple on accent?
Rev. David (he/him): You do indeed.
Timothy Sackton: From near there
Timothy Sackton: a storm Giant. Well,
Timothy Sackton: giants are creatures of honor,
Timothy Sackton: The Honorable
Rev. David (he/him): Hmm.
Rev. David (he/him): Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: Now,
Timothy Sackton: if I was satisfied, I will send you on your way.
John Leeker: Oh, your steward! Um!
John Leeker: He has been through a lot
Rev. David (he/him): lot.
Timothy Sackton: I will see it as tended to
Phil Grayson: at least a bath and a race. Probably it would be reasonable.
Rev. David (he/him): Maybe townsling would probably help
Timothy Sackton: again. My thanks to you all.
Timothy Sackton: We wish you well on your journeys,
Timothy Sackton: your courtship, your
Timothy Sackton: looking at our mash
Timothy Sackton: attempts to find peace. Wizard! Slay!
John Leeker: He has a Do you have a taste for it? Now? If you wish to slay wizards? No, I
John Leeker: I wish that this has got some enemies he wants like. I wish to have steady work in honor.
Timothy Sackton: I do have
Timothy Sackton: work. A man of your talent could help with
John Leeker: Hmm.
John Leeker: Al Mash is open to
John Leeker: open to that.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps maybe you would.
Timothy Sackton: But I will not. I will not keep. You see, Alf, from your
Timothy Sackton: fair maiden. But Yeah, I'm already like walking out to the boat as I as I send this halfling to the fay. Well, perhaps you, Al Mash, would
Timothy Sackton: stay for dinner, and we could discuss.
Timothy Sackton: Should you not
Timothy Sackton: find my offer
Timothy Sackton: compelling, I will see that you
Timothy Sackton: find passage to a port where you can
Timothy Sackton: look for work elsewhere.
John Leeker: That sounds good.
Timothy Sackton: And with that and castle spell
Timothy Sackton: Wellby vanishes
Timothy Sackton: shoal heads to the
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: to the boat, to sail back an all-mash, and
Timothy Sackton: to the steward, and then sit down to a nice dinner, and we will. We will stop there.
Timothy Sackton: Um! But of course, can you hang on for a few minutes after? Because there's a script for will be
John Leeker: Hmm.